[us] i think if you looked at the german states before they unified under the german empire or even the german union  deutscher bund  , you d probably see the economies shifting as they became one big german market , rather than just the bavarian market , prussian market usw ...
[us] america has the most military power any country has ever had relative to the world from 1991 onward and it was huge since after wwii but they clearly have nt made even one attempt at conquering the world at large .
[us] then the bus lines were intentionally cut back and neglected in turn , and in many american cities the bus lines eventually went out of business .
[us] we can emphasize the very substantial and helpful support the usaf is providing to the french in mali in terms of isr , airtoair refueling , and logistic transport assets ,   said a french embassy spokesman .
[russia] i do nt know a lot about that but i often see people on internet complaining how they struggle for years to acquire russian citizenship  having all conditions for that  and instead get sabotaged by officials on all levels while people in south ossetia or crimea are almost forced to take russian passports .
[russia] i could nt believe in prorussian protests because when i was in kharkiv locals were nt even considering ideapossibility of joining russia  it was nonsesual right , but situation changes .
[russia] you could see it miles away and have plenty of time to prepare , your biggest enemy would be internal destabilization , which may provide enough  noise  for appearance of  polite green men  , but even this is waaay different than ukrainian situation  you guys are in nato , european union and god knows what else local military defence treaty  .
[us] asian stocks and wall street suffered their worst day of the year after weak german trade data fueled concerns that europe is sliding into recession .
[russia] if you were to get on the  hype train  of sanctions and fail to recognize when to jump off the loco , you might create a bigger mess than you initially intended to be .
[russia] and even if we want to change it for example , there is a just too goddamn many people in the world to do it with everyone one by one .
[russia] what are the chances of  removing osetians from premises  if they for about 20 years hated and shot at each other almost every other day
[russia] it was , after all , major decision for ukrainians because when aligning with eu strictly on eu terms they are breaking ties with russia .
[us] a weak europe constantly dependent on american hard power to maintain the status quo when the world is shifting to asia  china is our most important rival .
[us] the whole idea of nato is mutual protection , and a big part of that is the idea that the united states will protect the nations she has signed treaties with to protect .
[russia] i have read the article and i can not say shit about it because i have not seen anything about it in any russian media outlets , nor do i live in moscow .
[russia] people also need to feel like they are being represented by someone , that someone protects their interests , their desires , their aspirations  kiev did a pretty shitty job at addressing those issues  if not outright ignored them  .
[us] there s a reason that most of the cooked intel for the iraq war was fed through the german   us intel channel  they work closely together and can do each other favors .
[us] this alternative deeply dislike much of the sovereigntist parties that have so far supported the catalan president , believing that it is a substitute would not have any legal validity to international bodies .
[us] i m assuming the article is just wrong that russia is not going to start what is almost certainly the worst disaster the world has ever visited .
[us] for chris mooney , author of the 2005 book the republican war on science , this move represented  an unprecedented and cumbersome process by which government agencies must field complaints over the data , studies , and reports they release to the public .
[us] they pretty much ignore domestic abuse calls , even when the victim calls and tells the operator point blank that they are scared for their life because of how intense the abuse is , they ll almost always be turned down .
[russia] i m not sure how that can be accomplished even theoretically  acquiescing to chinese expansion into the south china seat , though , instead of  pivoting  to east asia , would be a good start .
[russia] that flyer about jews needing to  register  in ukraine is fake   httpwww.dailydot.compoliticsukrainejewishregistryfake  as would have been obvious to anyone but a clinical imbecile or pathological russophobe .
[us] the current wisdom in europe is that the us will  always  allow the europeans to freeride , but i m not sure if this is the case .
[russia] if romanians are being persecuted it s the end of the world , but if you point out to a romanian that he too is engaging in acts of racism , then he will give you a long lecture as to  why it is different  .
[russia] the current regime in moscow was installed with the advice and consent of the western masters .  1 putin and his cronies are under control of the west .  2 kremlin s behavior have been directly playing into uncle sam s hands for the last years .  3 since the regime has been aiming to the total defeat of russia , only true patriots can stand against the kremlin traitors .  4  1 the odds are 100 to 1   2 true , the west keeps their money and families   3 true , regardless of reasons   4 a popular point of view among russian nationalists .
[russia] the unveiling of the statue  to colonel alfons rebane  was attended by a member of the estonian parliament and the government itself refused to condemn it , let alone insist on its destruction .
[us] the crimean khanate did nt even exist for the majority of the mongol yoke  it was one of the successors of the mongol empire  which muscovy was actually subject to  .
[us] but there s also opportunity for the established powers to try and bring propaganda or control of the channels of communication  the net neutrality issue  to the internet , like they had used traditional mass media  tv , radio , newsprint  modes of communication for .
[russia] i think you misinterpreted my comments  i m against kremlin politics in this case , maybe even proukrainian as my grandmother was polish from ternopol and grandfather was from kharkiv  other half of family is purely russian  .
[russia] most common point of view here is that a  it is completely ok to do whatever you want to do with your personal life unless you  wave it around  , so to speak  but b  it is not ok to consider homosexual pairs as equal to traditional heterosexual ones  think  marriage  and  child adoption   .
[russia] the moderate  far right  parties merely represent what would have been considered  normal  on matters such as multiculturalism and  tolerance  a couple of decades ago .
[us] i can only speak for some americans , but most people have nt been to france , and if they have they ve only been to paris .
[us] it is fairly easy to be religious , but not inject your religious views in politics , or believe the entirety of the dogma of your particular religion .
[russia] it s really hard to say what that bloke waving the soviet flag means by it , so i d rather not have people flying them .
[russia] they can do it , they only need the imf shock treatment and in one year they ll be crying for union with russia .
[us] what you are proposing was made up by us insurance companies as part of their really quite devious strategy and it s literally designed to fail .
[russia] you can go to youtube to see some fun times happening in kosovo , how the new masters of the realm treat historically significant buildings and just generally enjoy the glorious world of tolerant and multicultural tomorrow , where everyone lives in peace and respects each other .
[us] a divided , weak europe that s under constant russian threat  incapable of responding to regional security concerns , thus making them more dependent on my country and forcing both our resources  focus away from asia and back to europe .
[russia] ok , that is just some racist tweet , there are tons of them on the internet , so what s the big deal .
[us] they are trying to portray it as meaning that people in the developed countries will be brought in to offices elsewhere to train , etc , but what they are of course going to do is use it to improve their balance of payments which means large scale privatization of services and then mandating procurement procedures which allow corporations from trading parters equal opportunity to bid .
[russia] 8  the ukrainian social networks flooded with joyful messages congratulation the  heroes  in odessa and promising more of the same to the accursed moskals .
[russia] 5  of swedes is enough to recognize swedish as second national language in finland , while buttmad baltic states with 25  russians still whine .
[us] one or the other could end in fullblown nuclear war if russia is confident enough in starting it   especially if america looks distracted by china  has less power projection assets in europe   , but america is committed to finishing it should , for example , we actually loose the baltics in those opening battles  move to take them back no matter the cost   which i very well could see us doing   .
[us] i will take those claims over the second greatest slav to ever live , alexander the great , second only to vladimir putin himself .
[russia] stocks of internet companies have plummeted after his speech   httptop.rbc.rueconomics24042014920387.shtml  , even putin s closest oligarchs are readying to sell their internet companies  for example it looks like usmanov is going to dump mail.ru  vkontacte shares    during thursday there were  2 road accidents with military apcs in rostov region   httpwww.gazeta.ruautonews20140424n6107225.shtml   4 people were killed .
[russia] barring oil going below 80   and even this is questionable , since we had historical precedents and global growth was constantly being slashed by international institutions  , everything that happened to russia after crimea was  extremely predictable  .
[russia] he s a crazy megalomaniac , everyone knew he had a longing for ussr  many of us do  but not many imagined him actually acting out on it in such a way .
[russia] it started as a protest  against  russia proposed deal and signed by yanukovych , you know , the one with 15 billion  and a reduction on price for gas .
[russia] paul has worked at the central intelligence agency , the foreign broadcast information service , he served as special assistant for soviet nationalities and special advisor for soviet nationality and baltic affairs at the us department of state , he was the director of research and director of communications and technology at radio libertyradio free europe , and the carnegie endowment for international peace .
[us] i agree that european defense is being hollowed out , but i also think you are giving russia s military way too much credit .
[russia] they ve already been the spearhead of an armed coup once , if they re institutionalized it will be all the easier for them to do it again , particularly if its to  defend against a russian threat  .
[russia] 8 july 1941   it is the fuehrer s firm  decision to level moscow and leningrad , and make them uninhabitable , so as to relieve us of the necessity of having to feed the populations through the winter .
[russia] if trafficking , slavery and exploitation already are crimes , why do you need a secondary  , that harms all the people who want to engage in it for free and on their own will
[us] if you read the accounts you ll see that their government attempts to rationalize virtually all of their human rights abuse and sacrifices they force the nation to endure using the most shameless militaristic arguments  .
[russia] make it so , that soviets did not occupied those regions , how many days would baltics and eastern europe last against nazi military machine
[us] i just do nt know what you re inferring , so i assume things that i think you may be inferring  which you feel you are not .
[us] lookee here you boszomeg kurva , i have lived in your capital city for a year  i know more about your magyarul asses than you can imagine .
[us] in the uk for instance , i ve been treated and seen by a doctor and they basically looked at me  after a bit of a wait  like two hours  , poked around a bit and then concluded that i probably had a stuffy nose that has become a sinus infection .
[us] sure the past few years have seen some stupid people take power in topeka , but historically it has ranked in the top third of states for these metrics .
[russia] if putin could have a guarantee of a lease in perpetuity of the sevastopol base , he would have never invaded crimea , the land itself is worthless to russia , only the base is .
[russia] httpwww.hrw.orgnews20140724ukraineunguidedrocketskillingcivilians  the use of indiscriminate rockets in populated areas violates international humanitarian law , or the laws of war , and may amount to war crimes .
[us] the biggest economy on the continent ca nt keep anything approaching a reasonable percentage of it s air assets  operational   httpwww.armedforcesint.comnewsreportshortfallsgroundgermanysaircraft.html   although the german ministry disputed the number and said  no , most of the nonfunctional aircraft are the ground because of maintenance , not because of things breaking  as if a lack of parts for routine maintenance was  better   .
[russia] most recent examples would be you installing abm shield , russia deploying iskanders  poland wants a better gas prices  russia and germany build nord stream .
[russia] still , putin is a pretty brazen devil , he knows ukraine would never use nukes because russia has enough to flatten every square kilometre of ukraine into radioactive ash .
[russia] too much of little things like puns , blunt statements about invading someone , random mentioning of facts or events , but they hold no significant value , because they wo nt happen any time soon  so there is no point in actually saying anything like that  .
[russia] i just remember they said  although army mobilization is yet to start but a vault in the saintpetersburg s major office is getting ready to receive president orders in case of war  .
[us] all i m saying is that even in america where that flag has far more controversy and history behind it  and people that hate it too  than europe this guy still would nt be considered a racist simply for hanging that flag .
[russia] unitaz  toilet kedi  sneakers jeep  any suv pampersi  diapers jacuzzi  hot tub scotch  duct tape plastir  med plaster ... and many more    google  translate   httpstranslate.google.comtranslateslruamptlenampjsyampprevtamphlruampieutf8ampuhttp3a2f2fwww.adme.ru2ftvorchestvoreklama2fbrendystavshienaricatelnymi236842fampedittext
[us] if you fail to even consider the arguments of the people who are speaking up against this power grab and why , you are not a scientist nor do you deserve to be claiming some authority status based on theses which you have not made available for reading .
[us] you would have an impossible task ahead of you if you tried looking for a even a single instance of me saying i want the eu to fail .
[russia] here follows my own personal opinion , which i present to you as a rhetorical question  why is it so difficult to believe that some people do nt want to be part of not only one of the poorest  only kosovo and moldova are poorer  , but also one of the most  if not the most  politically unstable countries in europe
[us] also , ... table 2 health system reforms and potential gats violations health system reformregulation gats provisions potentially violated implementation of a singlepayer national health insurance system marketbased coverage expansions through subsidies and insurance firm regulation reforming the privatization of medicare specialty hospital regulation catastrophic reinsurance disease management regulation medicalloss ratios nonprofit hospital taxes  regulation gats provisions potentially violated  art  viii 4  establishment of  new monopolies   art .
[russia] because they basically ment  if you have nt noticed we have our troops here , so please do nt try to do something stupid , like shell civilians and peacekeepers with the artillery , thanks   .
[us] in the event that the conflict stays conventional , russian forces will eventually be forced out of the region by the superior nato forces .
[us] you could walk for a month and not run into anything but cows between a city of 3 million and a city of 8 million .
[russia] your entire post is basically 10   volyn massacre  upa bad and 90   upa ok , upa not so bad , x guys did this so it s basically like upa  .
[russia] china and to a lesser extent the possibility of the eau , coupled up with a  marketed as  nonpredatory competitor to the imf and world bank outside of western control is a paradigm shift challenging the core s dominance over the periphery .
[russia] it may have something to do with an antimissile shield that is totally not aimed at russia  despite surrounding it  and undermining mad  russia not being able to answer to nuclear strike is helluva strong argument in geopolitics  .
[us] america has a thriving economy because they prop up  losers  no matter who that happens to be at the current moment instead of moralizing on the sidelines as they die in slow motion .
[russia] i m from from russia and i swear to god , dry 25 winters are way , way better than the shitty damp grey hell that i have to endure in this country .
[us] their neighbors that joined eu all went from vassals to being on their way to surpassing russian living standards if not already there and better .
[us] it s simply a way to distinguish someone taking into account their cultural upbringing and to give an idea as to the kinds of discrimination they ve historically and currently face .
[us] i would nt take anything in the youtube comments seriously , it s the same place where proputin shit gets liked a ton , contrary to real life opinion .
[russia] so when our  peaceful protesters  there win and will start killing people who were working in  berkut  together with their families for example , and you ll find yourself shouting  hooray
[russia] then ukrainians went to the prorussian camp on kulikovo , but the tents were empty  prorussians already left them trying to hide in the seized tradeunion building .
[us] there s a lot to be skeptical about , but there s also a lot to say there may be some truth to them .
[us] while that s certainly impressive and awesome looking , i ca nt help but think that lighting multiple flares indoors in a crowded arena is just asking for a darwin award .
[russia] i ve changed the designation of the right sector to a less controversial one , but i still view people with  totally not inspired by a swastika  insignia with suspicion .
[us] nobody said it is nt embarrassing , but spending more than we do is just too expensive it may be  expensive  but that is not the same thing as  too  expensive .
[us] httpehp.niehs.nih.gov117a104  pdf version  httpehp.niehs.nih.govwpcontentuploads1227ehp.1408107.pdf  httpehp.niehs.nih.gov1408107 excerpt  similar distractions crop up in u.s. discussions , whether the participants are looking at incinerators , stem cells , or gmos .
[russia] i think problem needs much , much more in terms of discussion , politics introduced , broad support from european institutions and so on , but that is for europeans to decide not random russian
[us] i have no idea how there are nt revolts at this point with so many young people being completely fucked with no future at this rate .
[us] also , as far as monarchs go , you still entrench a family in the upper crust of your society  give them frequent meetings with the highest officials of your government .
[us] i mean norway had a little bit of exploring in the world on their end in history but it is insignificant compared to the massive amounts done by other western countries .
[us] i only offered the comparison of either or because you were saying usa is nt diverse enough while defending russia as a proper government that the people want .
[russia] though the author in some points tries too much to manipulate the facts under his theory   the only one that has as such support is navalny  but that s only because it sometimes happens to him snarl on  black  , mention something about a great russia and throw meat .
[us] however , this theory is contrary to human and animal studies that in a nerve transaction with amputation of the distal tissue , the proximal nerve undergoes acute axonal swelling .
[russia] for example with crimea we ruined relations with ukraine for a long time , scared finland , gave an excuse for china for future  protection of oppressed minorities  possibly on russian turf as well , created points of tension in relations with central asian republics  belarus and kazakhstan  eurasian union used to be somewhat voluntarily organization , now we are  messing  with other nation borders , which makes you wonder  .
[us] but anyway , it amazes me that you ve made it your mission to come to  reurope , say fuckall about european politics or events , and just hijack every discussion to be about domestic american politics .
[russia] pardon me , i m sure you would have rather spoken german  especially since all of the slavs would be dead by now , if history went that course ...
[russia] i hate your country for what it has done to the romanian nation in particular you should hate yourself for helping nazis in ww2 .
[russia] rossiyskaya gazeta is the russian government s official newspaper of record and provides the official publication of all laws and government decrees , for which it gets compensation from the federal budget .
[us] the sioux nation was represented by their chief , joseph brings plenty  his son cole brings plenty  and evelyne serais , a native of france now living in the united states , who has devoted her life in service to native americans .
[russia] some people , who own some sort of businessprivate house , can house refugees and provide them with work and housing ,  like this   httpwww.thevillage.ruvillagecitypeople160103bezhentsysukrainy  58 refugees in private moscow house , but officially there is no place for refugees in moscow .
[russia] you kind a did financed revolution of roses in georgia and later equipped , trained and supplied georgian military and u knew what they had in mind , you just wanted to look how russia will react , look at combat readiness and all that nice  raw data  that you love so much .
[russia] 4  the antiregime demonstrators ran literally for their lives towards the building of unions which had been their normal rallying point at which point they were surrounded and the building set ablaze .
[us] in fact , germany has been adamant about keeping them on their knees through strong opposition to fiscal transfers while using it s influence to keep them implementing austerity .
[russia] something like this  httpimgur.com9zujlf7 try as i might , i ca nt really think of any country that i hate or , for that matter , is worth hating .
[us] however , i think people in eastern europe do have bad memories of the times before 1989 , and even kids who were nt born then will be taught about it by their parents .
[us] when you have a institutional assumption that someone else is going to fight for you , you do nt get a impressive military no matter how much money you spend on it .
[us] i dont live there but i am kind of into the archaeology of that area and like to hike so ive spent quite a bit of time there and know the area well .
[us] after the  lusitania  was sunk the german ambassador to the us wrote a opinion piece in the new york times basically noting how americans get worked up over a few dozen kids killed instantly while traveling in a ship carrying ordnance but do nt care about the millions of german children slowly starving to death .
[russia] it will result in inability for russians  including bureaucrats  to reserve hotels , airplane tickets , use gmail , appstore , android store , itunes , facebook  probably twitter and youtube too   just anything that requires credit card numbers and emails .
[us] when she asked them how they knew , they told her it was precisely because she did nt begin each class with a political lecture that they knew , so conditioned were they by all their leftwing professors .
[us] in parallel , we have to make up with it by its masculinity as glorifying violence contributes to death at all levels of society .
[us] they hypothesize that a large solar storm  as large as the  carrington event  solar storm in 1859 , which was before global energy grid existed  would  as they have in the past , but much more extensively  cause failure of a great many high voltage transformers , huge and very expensive power transformers which take years to replace   the global manufacturing capacity is fairly limited .
[us] data published by the federal statistics office on thursday   9 october   indicated that exports slumped by 5.8 percent between july and august , the sharpest monthly fall since 2009 , at the height of the financial crisis .
[russia] oh well , i suppose it would nt make much difference in the end , but all the same , ukraine got to enjoy crimea for a bit , now it s over .
[us] according to kuna , the sohr reported that   another 300 militants of  isis  , al nursa front , and other militant groups were also wounded in the attacks .
[us] i ve seen their writing that they want to avoid violence by admitting they are too weak to protect themselves and give up completely .
[russia] however lately i almost do nt readwatch russian media  except for few sites  because there are almost no sources of information which do nt look like disgusting propaganda and i ve seen how under its pressure even smart people start to use terms  mercenaries  ,  fascists  ,  nazis  , etc.
[russia] also , us did plenty of its landgrabbing and also ethnic cleansing of the natives , something which russia never did  in fact , they were nt even forced to assimilate  .
[russia] central government in kiev was weak and disorganizedstate of chaos , crimeans took an opportunity  with help from  polite green men   and voted the fuck out of ukraine .
[russia] it seems though that s outskirts of the city , there are only two civilian buildings visible including the church  if it is the church  .
[russia] ukraine also falls under this category , they are a weird bunch and when they start shitting on everything russian and treat folks like bandera a hero , gas prises rise and trade barriers are implemented , when they are chill  no problems .
[russia] every big blogger now need to register   and other stuff like that showed there is no hope for democratic society , we are going back to ussr .
[us] i remember watching old cage fights on my vhs tapes they had one guy jump from the top onto tacs and his wholy body was bleeding and he hit some guy with a chair .
[russia] all were shot , except 2 who died in fire on berkut base in lviv it is hard to die from fire when you are surrounded by your comrades with an access to fire extinguisher , you can however become a cripple for the rest of your life .
[russia] but the fact that russian weapons , transported by russian military units , cross the border and reach separatists is a crass violation of ukrainian sovereignty and it s borders .
[russia] people asked putin to enslave them using slogans like   peace , labor , putin   httpswww.facebook.comphoto.phpfbid10202175530122133ampsetpcb.10202175534042231amptype1amptheater     military storage exploded , 20 perished  including 10 people who tried to escape in a truck   httptop.rbc.ruincidents30042014921342.shtml    more sanctions from  japan   httptop.rbc.rupolitics29042014921078.shtml  ,  canada   httptop.rbc.rupolitics29042014921048.shtml  , eu and us  they are mostly personal and according to recent polls affected only 4  of companies in russia   microsoft , oracle , hp , symantec are  joining us sanctions against russian companies   httpwww.gazeta.rubusinessnews20140430n6119681.shtml   banks mostly   this is much more serious threat to the companies than anything else  except , maybe , blocking swift    big business  which is practically belong to the government officials  declared  they are not ready to deoffshore their financial structures despite demands from the government   httptop.rbc.rueconomics30042014921499.shtml   if i had to use street slang i d say they ve asked government to f  off .
[us] you all should read the following   tisa threatens to lock in water privatization   httpcanadians.orgblogtisathreatenslockwaterprivatization  also , to understand why the fta rules require privatization of water and its being sold for a profit , people should understand that ttip explicitly embeds  includes by reference  in its core document the gats  wto services agreement  which makes privatization of a great many public services mandatory  although it may take decades for events to happen which complete the transition  see  gats and public service systems   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm
[us] if it were done with the full consent of the government , as it is here , i would nt give a single shit .
[us] right now a union will never prosper if you have half of it looking at the other half as a bunch of lazy useless freeloaders who complain about giving them a pittance relative to the size of the economy .
[us] the polish soviet war was one of the worst defeats ever for the red army , up there with the loss to japan earlier in the century .
[russia] yes , the world is black and white , russians are clearly the worst scum on earth and they just enjoy oppressing and killing everyone
[russia] and not only russians honestly but everyone who opposes current government , for example everyone who took part in antimaidan rallies who take part even now , former berkut guys , small political figures or activists who are nt nationalistic and so on .
[us] it is not that much about how much money is spend on defense , contrary to what has been propagated a lot  especially by people from the other side of the pond .
[us] sure , most of the rebuilding was because we bombed them in the first place , but damn if we can avoid all that and spend it instead on preventing this country from becoming a third world .
[russia] honestly , if we had someone even a little more competent with reforms then gorbachev  who i personally view as being no better then a traitor  , the ussr could have survived and been happy , economically viable , progressive , politically free
[us] i guess it is a nicer story to blame it on a worldwide network of secret jews based in usa that run the world .
[russia] those who fought on the side of ussr and the partisans who fought for liberation of their country  no matter if they fought germans , soviets or both  are the real heroes .
[us] i thought usa was wrong for iraq , but the way you talk , you are basically saying usa is wrong for even existing .
[russia] people like to call svoboda fascists , neonazists , etc. , but look at the ukrainian army under his command  it s the most peaceful army in the world .
[russia] fuck , i do nt wan na be in their place , that country is heading down the shitter and the new gov  t is just another set of corrupt oligarchs , not any different from the shit ukraine had or the shit we have in russia  at least we have a leader strong enough to somewhat rein them in  .
[russia] but , for example , on the day when i was on the maidan , there were about 40 people on the podium  priests of different denominations , two u.s. senators , representatives of civil society , opposition leaders , poets , writers and others .
[russia] however , if your little invasion fantasies and reminiscing about the good old days of mannerheim and white death make you feel better about your little selves , keep at it
[us] in the meantime , the international reaction is to issue a couple of ceasefire demands , but the arabs , seeing the path to tel aviv laid before them , refuse to countenance the idea of a ceasefire .
[us] i wo nt pretend to be an expert about this at all , but i think this referendum in and of itself is a clear sign of discontent .
[us] just to clarify i used the term  mapping  , not in the cartographic sense , but in the abstract sense of testing boundaries and reactions , which is how all of those incursions are being performed .
[russia] no , i can see how the slaughter of polish intelligence and the invasion of czechoslovakia pissed people off but the monument erected in sofia is not dedicated to the nkvd or the soldiers of the 1960 s .
[russia] let s look  httpspay.reddit.comreuropecomments1zq8kfrussiantvalreadyshowingcrimeaaspartof top comment   i read somewhere on twitter  ca nt find the source now  that the map was displayed as part of a  what would happen if ...  bit , and they just left it up afterwards .
[russia] that s what appears to have killed most of the victims and injured 20 more .  one example of premature success report  httpwww.president.gov.uarunews30871.html httpsru.wikipedia.orgwikid091d0bed0b8d0b7d0b0d0a1d0b0d183d180d09cd0bed0b3d0b8d0bbd183  2014  edit  downvotes for providing a source .
[russia] on the north yasinovataya is still under control of separatists , on the east  basically everything , khartzysk , shakhtarsk , etc. , on the southeast  ilovaysk  there was a notoriously unsuccessful attack on it yesterday by  donbass  ,  azov  ,  shakhtarsk  battalions  .
[russia] if some of the expelled muslims had kept their mozarabic dialects  the dialects of spanish spoken by the muslims in southern spain  , i m sure that spain would have granted them citizenship as well .
[russia] this is a very correct article about what hapenned in my city , few days ago i commented on the elections so i ll copy it here as almost a tldr   today was the elections day , elections of governers were in 30 regions , 19 of which ahead of time which is the usual kremlin strategy to break opposition candidaes  agitation campaigns .
[us] i think mearsheimer would agree with me , when i say that  the devil we do nt know  wo nt be so bad , it does nt have to be  full  retrenchment , there are many shades worth taking a look at between  deep engagement and retrenchment  .
[russia] i waste a little bit too much time on internet and i remember that moment very well , many popular websites became strictly proputin , many websites with predominantly antiputin audience were down for weeks for various reasons , some of them were restructured in disfavour of them .
[russia] kistoul 2 points an hour ago  to quote  umazur49 in the worldnews thread    the monument was removed by the same company  zefs  who sponsored it first hand and they wrote letter to inform about this intention before cooks s coming out .
[us] overall , it seems somewhat naive to think that corruption can be preventedsolved by declaring independence from the rest of spain , especially considering that the eu itself released  a study   httpec.europa.euregionalpolicysourcesdocgenerwork201202governance.pdf  that pointed out catalonia as one of the most corrupt regions in the eu .
[us] often , after actually  listening  to what people in older generations were saying , i begrudgingly realized they were right along a broad spectrum of issues .
[russia] if nato never expanded , putin would be content sitting in russia as he was , the guy s got an inferiority complex about russia , he wants to revenge the west for the humiliations of the 90s and early 2000s when russia was powerless and got pushed around , when it saw serbia , one of its most ancient and crucial allies lose kosovo on the same premise , without russia being able to do anything .
[russia] ukraine scores  15 bln from russia , 33  gas discount   httpcs14109.vk.mec540105v540105363161b9ubcvi2utcai.jpg    russian investigators arrest alleged gangster after 18year hunt   httpen.ria.rucrime20131217185644714russianinvestigatorsarrestallegedgangsterafter18yearhunt.html   the lower house of the russian parliament has overwhelmingly approved the initial version of a communisttabled bill to make separatist incitement , including in the media and on the internet , a criminal offence punishable with up to 300 hours of unpaid community work , an up to  16,000 fine or up to 5 years in jail .
[us] on another note , i was eating at a greek place a while back and ordered a turkish coffee , only to be told quite angrily that ,  like many other things , the greeks invented this style of coffee , and the turks merely appropriated .
[russia] those people who argue in english mostly about politics , economy and all that things in detail , how do you imagine them not knowing about some very basic things which they do nt need a foreign language or an obscure source to learn about
[russia] westerners are at a huge risk of shakedowns , the russian police know how to scare sheltered westerners  and they will think that you re rich because obviously every westerner is a millionaire ...
[russia] funny how the unbiased media you hold in such high regard has nt mentioned the sacking of generals and the establishment of armed nazi gangs as official government forces .
[russia] what s so hard about trilateral agreement that allows ukraine to align more proeu and at the same time does nt harms relations with russia
[russia] en     httpwww.bbc.comsport0tennis29497035   putin pardoned a fsb officer imprisoned 2 years ago for 11 years for killing one person and injuring others in a drunk fight on a gas station .
[us] i do nt think it s something that we should be seriously concerned about now , but in a generation or twenty years it could be a very real possibility if europe does nt up it s military spending andor strengthen eu military integration .
[russia] article in russian   httptop.rbc.rusociety16092014949378.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem4  explain how midrange bombers  tu22m   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikitupolevtu22m  maywill be deployed in crimea to  potentially  bomb romania and neutralize nato antimissile defense  for follow up icbm launch probably  .
[russia] after it became obvious that japan is getting down into war with us and ca nt support germany in russia , these forces were relocated and joined fight for moscow .
[us] the u.s. constantly talks about its  pivot to the east  aka were tired of defending you europe you re big boys now act like it , but we do it because of your inability to do so and to protect the baltic s because that would be the front line .
[russia] for the syrian civil war civilian  deaths in the hundred  s  of thousands  , iraki civil war  twelwe thousand  central african republic war  thousands  , boko haram killings ,  a few thousand  , etc.
[us] the economy hit its nadir in 1998 and was already on an upward trajectory when putin took over , and has benefited from the rising price of oil .
[us] one does nt have to look far into europe s or especially , china s 4000 year long recorded past to see the pattern .
[russia] it is possible that if he and other traitors such as gorbachev slowed down the reforms and stayed away from the disastrous  shock  policy , we could be seeing a modern , happy , politically free and economically viable ussr , one without the iron curtain and one that does nt need to plunder eastern europe to exist .
[us] the timing of all of this was such that they were able to get  though various means  yeltsin to agree publicly and in writing that russia is ok with them joining nato , even though they were nt .
[russia] i believe i provided you with video footage of maidan activists being armed with combat weapon precisely the days of  action  , as far as i can tell , this does not look like child toys , but a combat weapons being actively used .
[russia] but simple folk in europe and us thought that you actually want something else , it s not just about classical nationalistic  ukraine for ukrainians  and all that stuff .
[russia] the sovereign country democratically decides to do whatever it has every right to do on it s own territory , without breaking any treaties  with renegotiating , sure  , without breaking any trusts or doing anything even remotely amoral .
[us] like i said , i d prefer the universities be depoliticized , but as long as politics are so integral to the educational paradigm , my hope is that the issue of radical islam  not just isis  is given much greater critical scrutiny .
[russia] russian history is dark and full of misery , sometimes i wonder if we exported this to places like finland and eastern europe or they were that way in the first place .
[us] it has a lot to do with gats , which both the uk and us signed and endorsed . . because the us and some elements in the eu , push these ftas very aggressively .
[russia] when the smimoff runs out , it turns out the jeep s wrecked , the office is awash with puke and the loan is due for repayment .
[us] no doubt opportunities will be created for increased transatlantic trade , but what we may need to sacrifice in reaching that goal could be substantial .
[us] though it s flattering to be painted as the mastermind of this i do nt think the us has much to do with it .
[russia] russians are extremely racist against other russians from different regions it s only a thing in moscow , less in st.petersburg , the reason is the state supported inequality .
[russia] and as much as i love me some lithuanian sausages and mantinga bread , russian government is unlikely to follow lithuanian government s decisions .
[us] they were then forced to resort to using polluted river water , resulting in an outbreak of cholera that has claimed at least 32 lives .
[russia] , but also due to fact that their colleagues from other parts of economy have a terrible track record  oil , mining , banking industry , electricity and many others  , they are often not held accountable at all .
[russia] shit happens when a gf lives so far away and you are obliged to drive and see her on weekends ... and then go back home .
[us] we do nt need more land  the us is largely empty  , we do nt need ports or access to this sea or that sea , and we do nt need more political influence or allies .
[us] he also was nt truly elected in 2000 which was complete bullshit , but usa is nt going to have a civil war over it .
[russia] my longheld conviction is that many westerners , including the vast majority here , would like nothing better than to fight china to the last russian  and vice versa  , so that their hegemony over the world can last for yet another century .
[russia] i guess right now government is trying to form a political ideology and structure within the society to protect their  stolen  capitals which they had to return into the country after threat of sanctions .
[russia] i always thought his strategy in the east of ukraine was to escalate it as much as possible until in the end he swoops in like a generous peacekeeper .
[russia] the wife removed all posts about his death , and posted new status claiming that  her husband is alive and well , celebrating name day of my daughter  .
[russia] it s going to be taking terms from imf and the terms will be harsh , because the budget has to be set right again .
[russia] defacto it s a zone of military conflict and has good potential for terrorist   freedom fighters  activity so there is a lot of military and fsb personnel accompanied by excessive security measures and higher criminal activity due to lack of properly functioning police which is being restructured from ukrainian to russian  business processes  .
[us] i do come here though to get more in touch about european topics with europeans well i honestly do not know what can be done about that .
[us] new york is nt as important as london or hong kong internationally , but still does get a lot of active international work , like the alibaba ipo .
[us] so many cures , so many advances , and a colonization of mars and beyond could have been achieved if we had our priorities straight .
[russia] unfortunately i am no specialist in weapon manufacture , but i would have to guess that if you shoot at someone  thus putting your life at risk  you are not doing this with baby guns and intend to do serious damage .
[us] still , we should not confuse russian  fear  of the world , as its efforts to measure the threat as an indication of irrationality , but the opposite .
[us] sure sometimes there are definite needs to hold back certain industries  like trying to make laser weapons to skirt gun legislation for example  , but when it comes to evolutionary steps like leveraging smartphones , realtime location , and peerratings to select your ride home , it should nt be dismissed as  oh that s illegal  .
[russia] if we resort to china again , we will get crap  and expensive one  , beggars cant be choosers  it was also somewhat funny to read that russia imports 8090  of seeds for potato from netherlands or something , talk about   lets help our agricultural sector  and other things like sperm from animals to produce meat etc.
[russia] they do this even though it s pretty much granted that the ukrainian army is nt going to just let any separatists go if it captures them .
[russia] i m actually a russian , tho i ve lived in the us for awhile in the past and went to college there and still got here frequently for work .
[us] the point i am making is that you are suggesting highly centralized power that does nt even exist in a country like usa which is one large country instead of a weak confederation of european countries .
[russia] if i was an owner of air travel company  i d reroute all planes to stay away from russian air space  or at least away from caucasus  southern russia region  .
[us] obviously since i have health insurance i paid like  15 total for the experience in the us , but the total bill before insurance was over  280 .
[russia] because you never know  how many russians needed for putin to  protect  them in your country and how many  useless  countries nato is willing to give up in exchange for russian gas
[us] instead of waiting for older generations to die off , we should use them as an invaluable source of knowledge and decades of real life experience .
[russia] alternatively , the other side of the coin is that poland was notoriously bad when it comes to friends and pretty much pissed off everyone around them to a certain degree  polish opportunism resulted in poland being fucked up by other big nations over and over and over again .
[russia] my salary is getting less and less attractive compared to the european ones , i now earn as much as i would in a similar position in vienna , except the income tax here is lower and i do nt have to rent .
[russia] but that chain will go on unless we ll start trying to understand each other , but it s not the case with  reurope , it s not about understanding .
[russia] all you did was move the frontline of wwii a couple hundred miles west , making the main victims wwii the poles , belarusians , ukrainians and jews instead of russians .
[russia] it s easy to manage with frozen snow when it constantly under 10 c  just move it somewhere else and made 10m snow slide  exactly under my window  .
[us] well unemployment is at 6.1  and falling , and our last quarter gdp growth was better than  china  , so i do nt think that s a likely scenario .
[russia] nonetheless , its pretty obvious that i am a backwards barbarian who has no right to sit at the dining table , i will go back to my dog kernel , since  no russians are allowed  in the restaurant .
[russia] also it s not a  single guy from vk  but a youtube account with no videos but high quality antiukrainian propaganda , with a link to vk group devoted to proputin , antiwestern , antiukrainian and antiopposition content which was created right after maidan .
[russia] the tagliavini commission concluded that while georgia could have responded to the separatist attacks , it could not justify the full scale attack on tskhinvali .
[us] no , we spend that money to keep your continent out of war with russia , and therefore able to grow economically and trade with the us .
[us] there s a military submarine far inside of a country s territory , which is technically an act of war ... and that s the end of it .
[russia] paet was poorly informed and based his thoughts on hearsay  funny thing that even hearsay he based his opinion on  did nt support  his claims  .
[us] europeans down here are something you may come across once in your lifetime unless you go to an international city or a city they visit a lot  new orleans ... europeans have been all over the place every time i ve gone to nola  .
[us] this is a story that shows how there is no longer any attempt to prevent or have accountability for these huge extra costs which are not covered by insurance .
[us] i never see  neo  associated with anything good , and it typically is used to taint an ideologyview without having to actually come up with a valid criticism about it .
[us] and then in some cases wait long periods , up to 20 years , i was told recently for the withdrawal to have effect .
[us] so you re telling me if you get shot or come down with ebola you re going to not be able to get care in the united states
[us] it s because most crashes do nt involve the plane plummeting out of the sky at cruising altitude , they happen pretty close to regular takeoff and landing .
[us] partly because i do nt want to to be perceived as some outsider jumping in to offer his opinion on european stuff and partly because i know my flair makes everything i post much more likely to be taken negatively .
[russia] i wish no one would want to live here , there d be no traffic jams and i d be able to find a seat in the metro during rush hours .
[russia] out of curiosity i followed euromaidaneuromaidanpr twitters and links provided to opposition sites , almost daily there were speculations , accusations , blatant lies with a general notion of  evil russia is coming for you   .
[russia] there is difference between being responsible for evil doing as a political leader , and being actual evil doer  and i m  not  saying that former is somehow better  or  worse  .
[russia] second , it s either this , or nato base in crimea in several years that completely controls russia s access to black sea .
[us] that really does nt matter worth a damn , and does nt give them the right to provoke wars in other countries on their border .
[russia] i believe it will be wasting of time  their primary work  besides espionage  is to help their own citizen , not to hand out documents left and right to everyone who s asking .
[us] different states of the us hardly shared the same language and religion , and i m pretty sure austria is still independent from germany , and the unified modern holy roman empire was never going to be a thing .
[us] people tend to forget just how scary nuclear warfare is , and just how long western leaders will have to think of it s cost if , for say , russia launches a lightening strikes on the baltics and deploys tactical nukes there with the threat of using them if the eu tries to dislodge them conventionally .
[us] nus does not support isis and a new motion will be taken to the next nus national executive committee meeting , which will specifically condemn the politics and methods of isis and offer solidarity for the kurdish people .
[us] absolutely pathetic how bitter and angry some of the posters are on here when i can get downvoted for stating simple facts within seconds of posting a comment .
[russia] those ukrainians out in the street that had legitimate complaints and were being killed by the government for protesting were all bought off by cia .
[us] dominant military powers do nt commit terrorism ask that of the people that are on the receiving end of a dominant military power s munitions .
[russia] soviet navy was almost nonexistent in pacific region at the time and if you would like an example of russia failing miserable , look no further than russojapanese war of early xx century .
[russia] apparently they are more trustworthy than all major russian pollsters  during last elections of mayor of moscow this sociological service was the only one whos poll results were close to actual election results .
[us] outright ethnic cleansing in croatia made nato declare an arms embargo on that country for a little while , but two decades later , croatia is a full member of the eu and nato .
[us] hell is where the police are german , the chefs are british , the mechanics are french , the lovers are swiss ,  and it is all organized by the italians
[russia] i really do nt understand russian logic  russian imperialism dictates to conquer all the orthodox , slavic or generically eastern european lands because they re similar .
[us] sometimes i believe that the us could still learn a lot from european nations you re right , and european nations could also learn a lot from the us .
[russia] i am not sure i understand guillotine clause correctly , basically if swiss refuse to vote the way eu wants , all previous treaties might be reworked  which would fuck up economy as far as i understand
[russia] russia is , after all , indeed quite corrupt even now , and just a couple decades ago it was , frankly speaking , a hellhole .
[russia] as for mostly asian roots of russian culture and state  here is interesting fact  serfdom in ussrrussia was defacto abolished only in  1960s   population of rural areas could nt receive internal passports to move freely within the country before 60s  .
[russia] what if this was an operation by russian counterintelligence who  overstepped their boundaries   or did not care about a  small  violation from their perspective  and not directly orchestrated by putin sitting in a war room behind the monitor with intense look on his face
[us] see arendt  the origins of totalitarianism    httparchive.orgdetailsoriginsoftotalit00aren  2nd chapter onward  the way they see public healthcare is identical to the domino theory advanced in the 1970s and 1980s to justify us support of right wing dictatorships around the world .
[us] you know , when you pay to entrench a single family in the upper crust of your society  give them frequent contact with the upper echelons of your government
[us] germany s trade surplus is damaging for the same reason cutting food stamps and unemployment benefits in america destroys jobs  and republican politicians are about as receptive as german officials to anyone who tries to point out their error .
[us] this guy had to spend years in a burn center and simply trying to get back to some semblance of a normal life  in his mid twenties  .
[us] whether you like it or not , or want to admit it or not , making switzerland or norway the 51st state would alienate the european union   or at least it s leadership   .
[us] nuclear waste container failure is a major issue right now , due to the failure of at least one of the very high tech containers inside of an underground storage facility  a salt cavern  here in the us , that was supposed to last for thousands of years .
[us] i m sure that google has complied with national laws as required , just like they ve complied with the eu s silly right to be forgotten law .
[us] the us and eu need to start doing more to militarily arm former soviet republics , ideally with nuclear weapons as a detergent  if they do nt have them already  .
[russia] with a referendum scheduled for may 25  one that the russian crimeans were sure to  win   things were coming along swimmingly as they were .
[us] if people are so damn bad that we need the threat of force to maintain order , then they are also too bad to be in positions with the authority to enforce order .
[russia] either i ll get papers which will instantly make me an illegal alien  or i ll have to go without any papers at all , as a person which does not exist .
[us] not only are they far removed from other parts of the states in which they reside , but they are recognized as sovereign nations and are in charge of their own affairs .
[us] for example , many lithuanians have difficulty grasping basic logical and scientific concepts , as well as complex social processes , and thus blame things on genetics when there is no evidence for it .
[russia] this time the west must make mr putin see that , with this havoc at the heart of europe , he has gone too far .
[russia] to counter the assertion of an  inexorable rise  in death rates , he would need to provide a chart with data going back to at least 1960 .
[us] if we did nt want the european union to exist in it s present form we would ve sabotaged it sometime during the past halfacentury instead of encouraged  fostered it s growth .
[russia] yep , georgia tried to force abkhazia to stay , abkhazians responded violently  and btw it was cleansing of  nonabkhazians  , not just georgians , although they suffered most of it  .
[us] an economist would be the first to tell you that they are not scientists , and they know that their models are not going to be perfect .
[russia] this time in sloviansk according to exit polls  opposition bloc 28  , cpu 13  , tyhipko 5  vs bpp 19  , pf 8  , radicals 7  , samopomich 5  , batkyv 2  , svoboda 2  .
[us] that  does nt  mean i m saying they should be rewarded or allowed to stay , just that it s easy to sit comfortably in a first world nation and pass judgement on people trying to escape unimaginable poverty .
[russia] lets not bring up that inconvenient history about all of russia s neighbors invading it historically and even annexing some parts of it for a time , yes
[us] this is very true , and its also a good reason why , on some issues , folks on  reurope should realize that some of us from the us are trying to help europe avoid some of what s happened here .
[us] look when i talk about eu and payback i am not trying to make it seem like eu is evil or any of that nonsense .
[russia] russia is  threatening  and ukraine with  economic warfare  as yatsenyuk said , but he knows he s making empty talk because russia is merely cutting the subsidies that ukraine has been getting on gas prices .
[russia] it s very interesting to hear russians are now one people with  polygamous chechens   httpeeaesem2011oslo.orgnecessarilychangethelegislationvisany  and buriats to whom kremlin has deprived the  visit of their highest religious leader  dalai lama   httpblogs.voanews.comrussiawatch20110712whycantthedalailamavisitrussia  .
[russia] if you want numbers  although i am not investoreconomist or smtn , so take it for whats it worth  i would say that russia this year  in best possible scenario  would have 0,30 ,5  of gdp increase .
[russia] by boris akunin , did nt read it but i do nt expect it to be antiukraine as the author is a huge oppositionist to putin .
[us] reminds me of the   national city lines   privatization disasters in the us  or how the us went from having the best public transit in the developed world to the worst in only 30 years
[russia] i know there were other  precedents  or  special cases  in the past , in the end west has shown the way   might makes right  and international law means jack shit , if you can not enforce it .
[russia] russia , if you remember , has  2x gdp per capita   httpswww.cia.govlibrarypublicationstheworldfactbookrankorder2004rank.html  , a far more robust jobs market  i have a lot of ukrainian friends who work in russia  and overall russia despite all its lack of freedom is still a more economically viable nation than ukraine .
[russia] another young man , who was not a representative of the lgbt community , has been removed from the venue by police at the request of the organizers , as he handed out leaflets with nationalistic themes .
[russia] people starve to death in a capitalist world by the tens of millions , but we re responsible for the actions of right wing dictators in a state capitalist buffer state when the current governments in europe that you continue to elect are nt responsible for their ongiong crimes against the third world
[russia] dismissal of an independent chief and appointment of a controlled person , including directly controlled from the kremlin offices  is a violation of the law on the media talking about the inadmissibility of censorship .
[us] while there are many who are willing to die for their cause , that s not the case with the majority of the supporters in europe .
[russia] i posted my views back when euromaidan only started and wondered why we even need them and what are our long term strategical goals or directives .
[us] eulevel isds has never been impactassessed  isds is a new eu level policy that can result in billions of euros flowing from eu citizens to foreign corporations in the future .
[russia] at the moment full  unofficial  prohibition to leave the country is covering fsb   30k people  , police   1m  , army  220k officers  , president s  management company   100k  , various bureaucrats   1m  .
[russia] but been shown this  aggression  from western countries in a certain light they tend to start seeing him as a protector and his actions to be just .
[us] and i do nt disagree with that but there s a difference between valid criticism of these industries and full blown hysteria  shut it all down  that s been shoved in my mouth by numerous people throughout this thread .
[us] this situation described in this article would get laughed out of the office so fast that the bride would nt even have time to pack her bags before she would be deported .
[russia] in the usa it s widely believed that the japanese were scared by atomic bombs dropped on august 6 and 9 august 1945 on hiroshima and nagasaki .
[us] to condemn the is and support the kurdish forces fighting against it , while expressing no confidence or trust in the us military intervention .
[russia] soviet people were indeed heroes and liberators , i am not talking about stalin and co , i am talking about ordinary soviet soldiers who shed blood for the world .
[russia] i m perfectly capable of agreeing with you that it was nt different because i do nt frankly care about arguing precisely how evil stalin was , i m not a stalinist apologist .
[us] there were other justifications , such as  wmd s  , which turned out not to be there , but in any event , i was very much  very much  against iraq .
[us] if we want a stable iraq , we should ve stayed or we should go back and commit ourselves to a generation   20 years   long occupation .
[us] with european policymakers still struggling to save the continent s common currency from ruin , they must now confront what could be an even bigger economic problem .
[russia] it s him 20 years ago , when he was helping his comrades in chechnya fighting russians , he s stating that his enemies are communists , jews and russians .
[us] i dont remember exactly what he said , be he said  more or less  that he was fleeing russia , and was worried about being jailed for trying to leave
[russia] it seems some of ukrainian military groups which tried to escape had captured russian soldiers with them  and they were killed by russian troops along with ukrainians .
[us] and then that brought me to thinking about how many people are treated differently in europe while in the us they would nt be treated differently so i decided to make a post saying if anyone has tried living in western europe and has had problems like that , they should try the us instead where they would nt be treated negatively for things like being eastern european or having read hair , or being a roma just saying they would probably be more welcomed here .
[russia] that said , if i did live there , i would definitely vote for them , as they seem to be the only party that  1  would stem the assault of third world hordes into that once green and pleasant land , and  2  are nt crazy neonazis like the bnp .
[us] should we vote for the party that is most likely to do things that will piss us off the least , and thus have at least a minor impact in making politics less completely terrible
[us] what s less sure is how much power can be projected at the other side of the globe with sane defence budgets , and that s why us hawks always push that talking point .
[us] i have seen the different pricing for cash or card at gas stations , but that seems like a silly thing to pay for in cash .
[russia] if a strict legal definition is adopted , based on the un genocide convention , genocide against the ukrainians in 1932  33 is a charge for which there is some evidence , but it seems to the present author that it does not meet the standard of specific intent required to prove genocide .
[us] being the most stable country in the world with the most desired currency in the world and the most secure country are all bad .
[russia] in case of russian gas and oil , they are priced by the global markets , they are not cheap for europeans , they do nt bring any competitive advantage to european industries .
[russia] stalin was a paranoid dictator , he executed thousands that were innocent and caused the death of a few million who were almost mostly innocent .
[russia] if yanukovich is russia s man , then why the fuck did he throw fuel into the fire with all the eu association talks , constant promises and so on
[russia] they voted a number of times before for autonomy from ukraine , in return ukraine refused to listen to those votes and abolished the post of president of crimea , and the crimean constitution .
[russia] however , they have blended in a lot with the settlers so pretty much everyone there claims ethnic status even when they are not because its hard to disprove and they get some government benefits .
[us] from their platform    we support efforts to help lowincome individuals get a fair chance based on their potential and individual merit  but we reject preferences , quotas , and setasides , as the best or sole methods through which fairness can be achieved , whether in government , education or corporate boardrooms ... merit , ability , aptitude , and results should be the factors that determine advancement in our society .  tl  dr republicans are against , not for affirmative action
[us] i have trouble saying anything positive about the situation other than it is a random little town that no one gives a shit about .
[us] notably , oconnor s opinion did not claim to apply a higher level of scrutiny than mere rational basis , and the court has not extended suspectclass status to sexual orientation .
[russia] there is a russian joke for that   once upon a time ambassadors of united states , france , spain , germany and denmark  secretary of state staff member victoria nuland  american senators cris merphy and john mccain  minister of foreign relations of germany guido westerwelle  high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy catherine ashton  former georgian president mikhail saakashvili  minister of foreign affairs of netherlands frans timmermans  european mp yacek protacevich  minister of foreign affairs of lithuania linas linkyavichous  speaker of lithuanian seim loretta grauzhinene  former prime minister of poland yaroslav kazcynski  senator of czech republic yaromir shtenina gathered on maidan and  accused russia of meddling in ukraine internal affairs .
[us] if your beef is with pp , then work to throw the pp out of power  or  and i m asking seriously  have the people in psoe and podemos been as much anticatalan as people here are claiming about pp
[us] the worst in europe  and i think even the world  is bosnia and herzegovina , but part of the problem there is it  is nt  known how many landmines there are .
[us] people are proud of where they came from and i guess think that , conversely ,  actual  irish would be proud of the ancestors of their kin that have thrived .
[russia] i am sure people on the streets of crimea and sevastopol who celebrated their independence from kiev were all held at a gunpoint and forced by evil russkies .
[russia] the facts that cheka shot tens of thousands of people without a trial and that the majority of russian intellectuals were killed , pursued and sent away from the country .
[us] the most ridiculous effect in all this are the europeans that are nt russian that jump to putin s defense because of their hatred of usa .
[russia] there are things that reurope would want to see i am sure of , but domestically would be a disaster or immediate radicalization of society , which is not a good thing in our current political climate .
[russia] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilgbthistoryinrussialgbtrightsfollowingtherevolution1917.e2.80.931933 tl  dr  it was not the provisional government but the bolsheviks who legalised homosexuality  it was not a cause for them to reverse that until stalin s strengthening of the central power over the society .
[us] i think more people would ride bikes instead of using their cars if a. we had a real bike lane and b. everything was nt so damn far apart .
[russia] neither  malka  nor  malusha  are nt russianslavic names and afaik from thousand  years of history of russia  malusha  appears only once  as the name of vladimir s mother .
[russia] for example , you can leave your milk cooking on the stove with the words  avos it wo nt boil  , even though you do nt know how close it is to the boiling point and if you ll be gone a sufficiently short amount of time .
[russia] america already enjoys high popularity abroad , if it can cut down on its military actions , it can gain a lot more international alliances .
[russia] edit  meanwhile  ukrainian airborne unit is blocked in southern town nikolaev   httplenta.runews20140302block  by antimaidan protesters  after troopers have tried to advance to guard military weapon storage nearby .
[us] however , the loss of the stabilityproducing us military could lead to  flash points  that are not big enough for fullscale us military presence , but are little conflicts around europe that would otherwise not happened .
[us] it makes you guys write things like  we would not allow trans fatty acids even though , your beloved doener kababs are  loaded with them .
[us] in most cases  perhaps i should nt have said  every   , probably , if such gifts are given by the class which they perceive to be oppressing them , and for what they may perceive to be ulterior motives .
[us] because you ve admitted it multiple times , and you even admitted it when i confronted you a week or two ago about it .
[russia] they may call them terrorists , but they know that the city is nt being held hostage , they know it s actively resisting .
[us] i ll add that during my 200405 deployment i was not personally impressed with the  apparent  maintenance level the rn gave it s ships , at least compared to american and australian vessels .
[russia] i do nt give a shit about anyone being gay , but what i do give a shit about is deliberate misleading campaigns engineered by 3rd parties , which has nothing to do with reality on the ground .
[us] this is all true , but i venture to say that the northern irish unionists are far more religious than most in the netherlands  outside your bible belt maybe  .
[russia] or interview with commander of motorized platoon who admitted they were near tskhinvali for like a day before they were allowed to break their disguise to protect whatever left from peacekeepers
[russia] i thought he would be a bit more rational though , meaning take crimea , stir some shit up in southeast ukraine and back out to let europe  u.s save face , but the  play  has turned into  drama  already .
[us] so , as i understand it ... being in the eu allows you to live and work anywhere and schengen is a noneu treaty which simply allows for the free movement of persons  but does not allow you to livework in any eu country
[us] 3 countries will likely end up having to exempt their services explicitly ,   unless there are no services similar to the ones involved   httpswww.opendemocracy.netournhsjohnhilaryonttipandnhstheyaretryingtobamboozleus  being sold at all  , otherwise the same broad mandatory privatization and  extremely narrow exemptions   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm  as gats applies .
[russia] late autumn in a gloomy weather adds a lot to depressiveness of that video and of course you can find a right place to enjoy a shiny summer , like  the volga embarkment   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvrfe4l5navz8  , but it s not like any weather can help those views of dirty streets which are 99  of the city .
[russia] 64 proyanukovich  senators have fled from kiev   httplenta.runews20140221flee  and  parliament voted to stop  antiterrorism  operation   httpitartass.commezhdunarodnayapanorama989805   return all military forces  including  berkut   into barracks .
[russia] i never implied personal responsibility  unless you actually personally took part in that criminal invasion of abkhazia  , and there is nt a single phrase of mine from which you can draw that conclusion .
[russia] ...  danko  if you think that it s a victory , i ll say that it s a worst defeat of the european union .
[russia] by the way some of those truly propagandafree shows were maximovskaya s work back on old ntv until it was closed , then on tvs until it was closed , and even though her rentv show was clearly  self  censured it still was the best news show on mainstream tv .
[russia] someone had to pay the price for our  relatively  free future   tbh last 10 years of ussr were crappy with all those goods deficits , suppressed ethnic conflicts , sudden exchange of currency  .
[russia] i live in russia where i had to acquire foreign citizenship because i did nt want to brake the law and pay  4.5 k in bribes  common  tax  for russian citizenship  even though i m russian and born in russia and my parents are citizens  .
[us] i was nt allowed in the immediate room but i did follow the ob out to the room and stood just off to the side .
[us] my complaints are more when words like tee shirt are used when every damn language as a word for shirts , versus a word like internet being used .
[us] even worse is you thinking the communist party in china makes better allies than countries that are democracies and are currently military allies with usa .
[us] the us , uk , eu , as neoliberals from all these nations team up to use the  standstill  ratchet and isds to dismantle the public health care and safety nets and deregulate every possible protection which they can think up a cockamamie legal theory to  justify  to some overworked legislators who they  wont even let read the damn things except under surveillance   httpwww.ipwatch.org20140402ttipeucommissionerpointsfingeratussecrecyinvestorstateprovisions  .
[russia] if i was conspiracy theorist i d say germany is being manipulated and corrupted by kremlin and its abundant supply of oil and gas  like it happened with ukrainian government .
[russia] i mentioned previously that if ukrainians were to be smart , they wo nt push the whole  obey me  thing and give an opportunity for an honest vote  and their respective candidaterepresentative  and whatnot .
[us] they did it to force people to buy cars and to take the space that trolleys used to run in on streets for more cars , but it also arguably created the us s underclass .
[russia] using 2009 data , zak cope found that this methodology revealed about  5 trillion in value transfer between the third world and imperialist countries .
[russia] one of the reasons would also be the way west treated russia after soviet union collapse  something like  no one is forgotten , nothing is forgivenforgotten  .
[us] naturally , when palestinians rain rockets on southern israel or murder israelis in their homes , sympathy for the palestinians goes down , but israelis really do care about how checkpoints , the security barrier , etc.
[russia] prior to this , russia made  zero  noise or any moves at all , just quietly watched antirussian hysteria of euromaidan and people who shouted incredible amount of bullshit about russian tanks in kiev , chechens in buses and plenty of other shit , i watched live streams mostly and read what  leaders of euromaidan  said at the time , there was nothing good about russia there and plenty of hate speech .
[us] he still thinks that we should respect russia s sphere of influence rather than deny them it in order make russia feel better that it s not a superpower anymore .
[russia] name of the source is quite funny in my opinion  nonetheless , there is nothing to gain for eu either economically or politically via backing of the protesters , no considerable reputation damage as of  this moment  either .
[russia] does it not strike you as ironic that as you complain about russian propaganda you spam 247  reurope and  rukrainianconflict and  rworldnews with promaidan propaganda
[us] the patterns of warfare in the caucasus and the balkans in the 1990s resemble those on the indian subcontinent in the 1940s , those of eastern europe during and after the world war i , and so on .
[russia] so , russia must admit that it basically has lost what it considers as its own backyard or  sphere of influence  , pay the reparations  quietly roll over and die to its western overlords
[us] i think this is mentioned in the article i posted a link to in the previous thread about ttip and the fact that most of its gains are from one industry alone  i posted it yesterday . . read this paper which will give you the story up until early 2009    the potential impact of the world trade organization s general agreement on trade in services on health system reform and regulation in the united states   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf   gats  signed in 1995 hadhas a  standstill  that freezes public services at the 1995 level , that is the high water mark of public services in the us that can not be exceeded . . tisa  i am pretty sure , actually  extends the 1995 standstill  . . all of the ftas have these standstill clauses .
[us] if germans wanted to take more responsibility , the us would evermore treat germany more as a peer , and there would be less and less for germans to be indignant about visavis the us , and then we could go towards germany becoming a  normal nation  again .
[us] russia did nt learn the lesson from the fall of the ussr that modern wars between developed nations  i m exempting the ones in terrorist shitholes  are fought and won economically rather than with military force .
[us] i m not sure why europeans complain about us being warmongering hegemonists yet are not willing to develop their own capabilities to become independent .
[russia] minister of agriculture is very important in ukraine too , but it s not a position from which you can project a lot of power .
[us] general agreement on tariffs and trade  gatt  article xi specically prohibits the use of export controls for any purposes and eliminates quantitative restrictions on imports and exports .
[russia] you can also use this alt accounts to troll , neglect , make fun of someone with valid points , basically nsagchq playbook of killing internet discussions from time to time .
[russia] of course , since such sanctions will actually hurt the eu instead of just pissing off russia , the eu does nt have the balls for them  yet  .
[us] on a side note about nurses , in the us , many doctors and nurses at us hospitals are not allowed to tell parents  that the surgery is elective  or explain that the word elective means nontherapeutic .
[us] you seem to be arguing against that , but you did nt give any sources for your opinion , and your response added up to  for me   europe as a whole is economically quite strong  instead of  europe is so strong the euro will take its place alongside the dollar as reserve currency  .
[us] you should nt fault newspapers for reporting something that important , or pretend that anybody can report such things without name calling because its a very important piece of information that people need to know .
[russia] they were in power for years already in one position or another , if you think that they are less corrupt than yanukovich then think again .
[russia] this summer , tune in for ...  cold warrior  if he ca nt drag the future into the past , he sure can drag the past into the future .
[us] i think it s safe to say that its loss will significantly weaken spain s international presence  and at the same time , a nation of 7 mil wo nt have much of a presence of its own .
[us] the implication behind your post is important  nobody thinks the settlers would stay because  nobody thinks jews would be safe in an independent palestine  .
[us] the heads of france s army , navy and air force , along with the military chiefofstaff , made the unprecedented threat at a meeting last week , according to defence sources .
[russia] there is no excuses like circumstances and choosing lesser evil or inability to change something or just simply being a human being  fuck no , excuses are for morally weak people .
[us] the europeans ethnically cleansing their countries of muslims is not taken seriously because a  nobody thinks the selfrighteous fingerwaggers who say that israel commits  genocide  by blowing up mostly empty houses have the spine to do worse in their own country , and b  ethnically cleansing europe of muslims would be a huge military undertaking given how many muslims there are and how deeplyrooted they are in defensible urban areas .
[us] httpblog.usni.org20130820chinasdefensebudgetgettingfatteronthebigmacindex  despite everyone trotting out the odd deal that some european country makes , russia still is buying most of their defense equipment from russian sources , and paying russian wages for procurement and rd .  each country has it s own nonshooty staff  intelligence apparatus , training command , logistics  that cuts deeply into the total defense budget .
[us] the tree ring record shows that every few hundred years , the southwest us suffers multidecades long droughts , httpwww.usatoday.comstoryweather20140902californiamegadrought14446195 what that means is that us s natural gas should be held in reserve as a buffer against the need to desalinate water and ship it hundreds of miles , because its clear that the southwest has these super droughts .
[russia] even if you hate russia and wish to see it fall apart and retreat back into its muscovite nucleus , it s the wrong way to go about things .
[us] the factories are highly mechanized and automated , but cutting a cow or pig into all the correct pieces has to be done by hand .
[us] no , i think you are showing yourself to be a fool for not seeing that they would never go to all this trouble to hide them and split them up into pieces , which are only revealed little bit by little bit , give them intentionally similar names , etc.
[russia] i probably am talking out of my ass , but i read in a newspaper last week that russia has enough for 78 years of full production at current capacity
[us] i ca nt even think of a country that does nt grow enough food for their own people  punishing  outside countries by not allowing their own citizens to buy outside food and causing inflation .
[us] there are rich people in your country that do nt benefit from giving out free healthcare to everyone or public schools and many other functions .
[russia] sorry for russian language source  httpwww.rosbalt.rumain201303211108516.html tldr  when foreign court orders to take property of russian citizen  which is located somewhere outside of russia  , there is a possibility that all costs will be compensated from russia s budget and as an answer our government can expropriate property of this country if there s any on russian soil .
[us] although i guess , if spain really wanted , they could try that route in the same spirit of china with it s whole   one country , two systems   setup in relation to hong kong .
[russia] you can try watching this for example  httpwww.youtube.comwatchvymoon8ujwne do you see that nice guy with the ak chanting that if their  enemies  wo nt leave their land they ll force them to
[russia] a russian who posts 90  of the time in  rukraina  of course , that s bs about 90  , i had been active on reddit for years before  rukraina even existed , but yeah , i post there under  st. petersburg  flair .
[russia] mind you , the first postyeltsin elections was held in russia a bit later , after explosions in moscow apartments blocks when people was rallying around the flag in fear .
[russia] france supplies arms to a lot of nations engaged in even more questionable stuff , it s not going to risk its reputation as an arms dealer .
[russia] ever if he had hired lord voldemort to cast vanishing spell on all his assets and memory charm on all witnesses and accomplices , there would be still satellite images left  httpwww.pravda.com.uarusarticles20130346984712
[us] meanwhile , a government program manager can just point at a contractor and say  i want him out by the end of the day   ease of doing this varies from state to state  .
[us] the even bigger reason is because those identities melded into  white  awhile ago , whereas the whiteblack divide is still a very real thing in the us .
[russia] western media , however , did nt cover this story  since georgia is a us ally  , and instead tried to pass it off as a russian invasion of georgia  some even tried to claim that it was the russians who were bombing tshinval , like the infamous fox news interview  .
[russia] the russian economy has slowed down after years of excellent growth , but you have to remember that russian percapita gdp is way ahead of other brics as it is .
[us] russia acting like they have veto on foreign policy of all countries in europe being quite possibly the most insulting and smug of all of their talking points .
[us] all my records fell off of my shelves and all my furniture was scattered around as if some giant had stirred it all up but nothing was actually broken .
[russia] when even such a minor region as donezk fucking explodes when given a reason , imagine what would happen is the whole of russia were engulfed in revolution .
[us] i would be more than happy to see countries kicked out that think being a part if nato means free american protection while bitching about wasteful military spending .
[us] they may talk with a lisp but they do nt wear a shirt that says  i suck dick and love my boyfriend inside me  .
[russia] each round one of the 13 sectors on the game table is chosen by a spinning top , and in 12 of them there s a letter with a question and a cash prize .
[us] i ve done some research and it seems that , limited though i am here , i would have more opportunities here in the us than in , say , rome , naples , or sicily  where my family is from .
[us] 8  these 10 flaws are so intrinsic to the very system of isds that a reform  as proposed by the european commission  simply can not address them .
[russia] you are ukrainian and i see you posting rather outlandishly antirussian posts sometimes , including iirc arguing that right sector and svoboda were nt nazi at all anymore  or was it another guy
[russia] dagestan certainly does nt  i m one quarter dagestani myself  , and for that matter , many of them dislike chechens  recall that   terrorist   prodemocratic freedom fighter basayev invaded dagestan , which is what triggered the second war  .
[us] i think it s a very legitimate fear for people to have , that they would lose their national identity under a unified state .
[us] i meant more along the lines of  reurope frequently losing their shit because some idiot called themselves  irish  or  italian  or whatever without fully understand the difference in cultural context .
[us] can i overcome this problem while getting along with europeans or should i learn how to deal with people in korea first by overcoming 3040 s japanese military culture and confucianism
[russia] the only time at which the russian army appears to have gotten  directly  involved saw massive regime setbacks and poroshenko agreeing to the ceasefire .
[us] edit    bloomberg , sep 14 , 2013 ,  germany s trade surplus and exports reach alltime highs    httponline.wsj.comnewsarticlessb10001424052702304073204579169454159735052   der spiegel article , oct 31 , 2013 , relaying german reaction  incomprehensible    httpwww.spiegel.deinternationalgermanygermanydefendstradesurplusaftercriticalustreasuryreporta931126.html   germany hits back at us over trade criticism ,  wsj  , oct 31 , 2013   httponline.wsj.comnewsarticlessb10001424052702304073204579169454159735052   paul krugman reaction , nov 3 , 2013 ,  those depressing germans    httpwww.nytimes.com20131104opinionkrugmanthosedepressinggermans.htmlr0   edit 2   the last paragraph in krugman s article   and the thing is , it s not just the germans .
[russia] sure , crimea was immensely important to russian economy and military , and in the long run it would probably better to negotiate a hongkonglike status for it .
[russia] when you are says something in  both sides are guilty  in situation when guilt of sides are incomparable , when one side s actions are criminal , while other side s action are just mistakes  that s victim blaming .
[us] in the hours and days after the tidal waves shuttered the cooling systems , the cores of reactors number 1 , 2 and 3 were in full meltdown and released hydrogen gas , fueling explosions which breached several reactor containment vessels and blew the roof off the building housing reactor number 4 s spentfuel storage pond .
[us] the bottom line is , governments that have these issues and their successors , even after there have been shifts in form of political systems or whatever , almost always have numerous  apparatchiks  who were also associated with the previous regime  and for many other reasons  , they as far as i know ,  never  want to face their pasts honestly so investigations are  always  a cooperative effort on the part of the  global  community .
[us] i m sure a lot of people would like to say they ve been to st. petersburgh and seen the hermitage museum or something along those lines .
[us] rsnackexchange has taught me a lot about what is and is nt allowed into the us and contraband dairy products are on that list .
[russia] someone in vitishko and gazaryan s party who saw the property in 2011 spraypainted  sanya is a thief  on the fence , referring to governor alexander tkachyov .
[us] you even have no idea , not only of what the concept of global public goods actually is , but how you yourself are a recipient of many global public goods supplied by the united states and the united states military .
[russia] if you want to find a photograph of a fake nazi salute , at least find one when the target uses their  right  hand .
[russia] last 15 years kind a indicates that this is exactly what is happening , whether to agree with such course of action or condemn it is a different matter , but  might makes right  is  the  modus operandi lately .
[russia] i really ca nt see why the belief that  slavs are superior than germanics because they re more spiritual  is any less wrong than  germanics are superior than slavs because they re more rational  .
[russia] even if russia is funneling money into svoboda  who knows , would not surprise me  , this is a guy who no doubt believes in what he says and the people from his district apparently support him .
[russia] so it s only me who can see the metro employee badge on this guy , which tell us he is taking the cheese out of the cart and putting it onto the shelves
[us] and here for at least the last few years ,  if not the last few decades  i thought the common european wisdom was that those troops were worthless and the us has troops in germany only to serve american interests
[us] prime is  8.30 a month which is nt much more than netflix or hulu , and unlike netflix  hulu you do nt just get streaming , but music  free 2day shipping as well .
[russia] it is very likely to fare better than the rest of ukraine , especially since putin will pour money into it , and as an oblast  in the russian federation , it will get more of that money into actual projects  and let s not play ignorant here ,  ukraine actually managed to be more corrupt than russia   httpwww.transparency.orgcpi2013results  , which is hardly encouraging  .
[russia] i also found striking of how soviet their mindset is , you walk in their house and you d think they re stuck in the soviet union of 70 s .
[russia] for example in twitter one resident of sloviansk wrote   now i understand what my grandma felt when germans occupied sloviansk  and then  sloviansk got a great vaccine against federalization .
[russia] i remember the fact that no proper investigation has been conducted in regards to sniper shooting and if someone were to kill  100 people i would like to know who exactly did it , how and why .
[us] nord stream    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikinordstreamsecurityandmilitaryaspects   swedish military experts and several politicians , including former minister for defence mikael odenberg , have stated that the pipeline can cause a security policy problem for sweden .
[us] what i meant by that one was that by loosing soldiers he would run the risk of pissing off the public who has been mostly supporting him
[us] and even if they did , the us is nt sitting on a lot of combloc stuff , so giving you guys a bunch of 5.56 and m4s would just confuse your supply chain even more .
[us] the israeli leadership sees the end , and because the arabs can not penetrate much farther into the tel aviv area without enormous loss of life , agrees to an israeli deal that lets the millions of remaining jews to leave the levant .
[us] of course here in the us almost all of the abortion and stem cell protesters are christian , but obviously you can be christian and not be against science .
[russia] believe or not but my own family would be significantly bigger than now if uncle joesph and soviet s were nt exist at all .
[russia] why do these people want them to continue living in an impoverished , not selfsustainable , clearly failed state that is ukraine , which is now ruled my a russophobic rightwing junta
[russia] various ua journalists , activists , wives of the soldiers immediately started to ask to do something with them , to redeploy the encircled deeper in ukraine to make it possible to fire back .
[russia] looking from the inside i do nt see any person who considers stalin or chernobil as something foreign at a time , this all and many other soviet problems are taught in schools as ours problems and it ca nt be different as we all are affected .
[russia] and apparently the best way to  restore the ascendance of the new oligarchy  is to control oligarchs and to push them out of politics .
[us] under the  ambitious  scenario for ttip preferred by eu negotiators , the cepr reveals that at least 1.3 million european workers will lose their jobs as a direct result of the agreement .
[russia] why you are thinking this is very ok to write  slave  on  putin s thugs  but when someone doing the same for you then you call this a crime .
[us] there it can easily be shown that the country could not afford the insurance system , and at the same time pay doctors and nurses a living wage .
[us] this shit might ve been a benefit in the last century when the world revolved around europe  the soviet union was our greatest rival , but it s not the cold war anymore .
[us] the us probably wants to be able to sell gas to europe in the future  even if it ca nt do so right now  .
[russia] nope , these  major news outlets  1  actually publish a lot of bullshit 2  do nt report noteworthy events at all , with or without  double check  .
[us] here are some sources , giving the background to my opinion , which is that the ttip may very well be more beneficial to europe than the us .
[us] also , they blame high us drug prices on the public healthcare in other countries because they claim that forces the companies to shift their costs to the us which they allege spends huge amounts of money on research .
[russia] i had pc since i was like 6 or 7  so i ve had like a lifetime of anglosphere internet , forums , games and so on  and this guy in particular feels wrong .
[russia] note also that it s actually a real ak , and that the first video was recorded in kiev a day or two ago .
[russia] i m guessing that many of critics live in big cities and their opinion has more weight than opinion of usually apathetic people from rural areas .
[us] here in the us even insured people may often have to pay hundreds of dollars  which counts against their deductible which can be as high as  6000  to see a doctor
[russia] however in russia everything is being abused and i wo nt be surprised if this database will be available for sale  besides fact it will be used by bureaucrats for  personal  needs  ...
[russia] dp.ru   httpwww.dp.rua20141027borotsjasomerzeniemmo    russian it companies  are begging the government not to destroy the branch by imposing a new 10  tax on the software developers and retailers .
[russia] the new measures , which are expected to make it harder for russia s big banks and stateowned oil and defense companies to raise capital , should stay in place until putin has carried out all of the essential elements of the ceasefire .
[russia] well , it s pretty clear why putin wants these expensive assault ships , as his navy chief said    if we had these ships , it would ve taken 40 minutes to invade georgia , instead of 26 hours  with turkey , romania , bulgaria and the baltic states already in nato , and ukraine , moldova and georgia fighting for their right to join the civilized world , it would be really stupid to empower putin like that .
[us] the poles and czechs expelled  millions  of germans in the wake of wwii , which had been started partly due to germany s desire to exercise sovereignty over those german minorities .
[us] gundersen says that once a zirconium fuel rod fire has started , the worst thing you could do is to try to quench the fire with water streams , which would cause violent explosions .
[russia] the entire old guard of the former soviet politicians needs to go , once they die off and retire ukraine may finally have a chance to step into the future .
[us] the millions left in the tel aviv area are targeted by chemical and biological weapons , in addition to an artillery barrage that makes the city look like rotterdam in wwii .
[us] its pretty clear to see that the ones integrating more with the west did better  poland , czech republic , slovakia  did better than those that did nt , even if they start from a similar baseline .
[russia] villagers or hired goons is likely , but at the same time , an urban population can be quite prorussian if you are looking at kharkiv or donetsk .
[russia] a lot of people do not believe in kgb s revolt in 1991  conspirators were scared shitless and did nt look like conspirators at all  more like hostages who were forced to play the role  so there is conspiracy theory  he voluntarily gave up ussr to politburo  yeltsin s gang for them to privatize the country while west could declare they ve won cold war .
[us] i do nt consider myself a part of either party  but for the time being , for progress  sake , i tend to lean towards the candidates that are for the most liberal policies  healthcare reform , marriage equality etc  , which tend to be democrats anyway .
[russia] no one bothered to explain why ukraine was so important for customs union or what were the longterm plans for the organization , asking questions is quite unpatriotic in russia nowadays anyway  i do think that russia strategy for ukraine is failing miserably though and has been for quite some time , so with nowadays ukraine  read pretechnical default with 5324658936498 problems  i want nothing to do with .
[russia] eurofags and svidomites  you re late to the party ,  your wahhabi friends have been writing about putin s cancer since 2012   httpwww.kavkazcenter.comengcontent2012112317016.shtml     today i learned from a source in the presidential administration , that our alpha dog is not simply sick but he is sick with spine sarcoma  spinal cancer ,  and 3 months are left for the life of this guy .
[us] not to mention damn near every state has a balanced budget amendment in their constitution   keeping in mind american state economies  populations are relative to many european countries   .
[us] it was chipped away piecebypiece instead of reformed allatonce   thus the last vestiges of hereditary or spiritual peers has always been kept in one form or another , belying any attempt for a democratic mandate to justify increased powers   .
[us] yes , but the guy you were replying to said ireland gives out passports for people who can prove descent , and you said  as does yours my friend .
[russia] they wo nt stop because a lot of them are thinking that southeast is populated by russian bugs , or whatever they call notenoughukranian russian speaking regions .
[russia] twenty years ago , foreign sales of these resources formed 43 percent of russia s exports  as of 2011 , they represented  more than 70 percent .  typical russian liberal propaganda , which never gives the appropriate context  if resource prices increase by a factor of 10 or so , as happened in the past 20 years , then they are almost inevitably going to account for a larger share of total production and exports by value .
[russia] for diplomacy to work interested parties should be presented with  acceptable  scenarios , the question is  what is acceptable for ukraine , eu and russia
[us] because any deviation from the course would mean that they have been wrong for a decade on how to manage fiscal policy and they have been leading all of eurozone into the grave .
[us] i m pretty sure that like many ftas , it is provisionally approved once this preliminary version is presented  then they can work for another one or two years in private changing all sorts of things even as its already in effect .
[russia] and if suddenly this  trickle down economics  cease to exist  as we ve seen on cyprus for example  , local population is left with what is called  naked ass  .
[russia] apparently in the north their surnames will be snow , on islands  pyke , in the south  sand  and so on   httpgameofthrones.wikia.comwikibastardy    a person got 2 hits in the face  after drunkenly shouting  glory to ukraine
[us] and then this guy says that im saying that romas are criminals because europeans treat them badly but i do nt think so , i think that european romas are criminals because there are enough of them to form their own groups and social circles that they do nt have the need to integrate where as in the us there are so few that they re forced to integrate or else be outcasts with no one to be friends with or loved by .
[us] nice advice but sadly there are nt many sites that compare to reddit and even if they did they d be full of americans because people would have to agree on a common language  i.e.
[russia] but back to modern times , today poland  for example  has  nothing  of interest for russia , except missile defence shield , worth of conquest .
[us] i got paid to go to college with all my sholarships and grants  still ended up having to take out loans my last year and a half college though to pay for living expenses like rent , food , utilities , car stuff etc. . .  and this is a huge misconception   unless your parents are nt wealthy , because then you re fucked .
[russia] which is just untrue since we are one of the most proeu countries since we can actually see the money flow in and we also hate russians with a deep passion .
[russia] i really hate trying to hide where i m from , but i m also tired of people giving me the good old dumb stereotypes routine .
[russia] there is no fucking way i m gon na defend him and he did fucked up ukraine beyond all recognition , but this is not about that .
[us] as for the wooden poles  the utilities are typically privately owned so they will only spend the money to put it underground if they absolutely have to or the government helps fund it .
[russia] glad to hear that   we are getting a bit of a nationalistic picture painted by the media back here in russia with a lot of banderovtsi supporters and stuff
[russia] in most of the cases they described  i am not sure about maryinka shelling myself  just having the direction of the shelling was not enough  there were  both  ua and separatist forces in these direction .
[russia] notice how kremlin is  not invading  countries during big sport events   russian law enforcers has abducted ukrainian pilot and  are going to accuse her in killing of russian news reporter   httpsnews.pnenincidents108373  .
[russia] i call this mistake , because no one would shoot down a civilian plane just for funzies , shit happens , this is not an rts game , where you have a total control of your and your  units  actions , this is life , war is always a clusterfuck .
[us] by 2050 , the population of ethnic bulgarians is expected to shrink to 800,000 , while the number of bulgarian roma is expected to crest 3.5 million .
[us] this is a vitally important issue that absolutely nobody who does not live in the us is going to pick up because the media outside the us is going to fill in the holes and europeans or canadians just wont understand where those holes are for that reason .
[russia] if you wanted to be russia s ally , you would have disbanded nato the minute the ussr unconditionally evacuated its entire army from the warsaw pact nations .
[us] the eu  could  provide that on it s own , but the evidence is out , the jury has decided  they sat on their hands and are letting putin decide things .
[us] american exceptionalism in a new light  a comparison of intergenerational earnings mobility in the nordic countries , the united kingdom and the united states   httpideas.repec.orgpizaizadpsdp1938.html
[russia] goddamit hollywood , get it together , we re , like , treating all the movies that are being released as documentaries and instruction manuals .
[us] we might ve caught more flack in the shortterm , but at least it would ve been better for our longterm image instead of damaging it for decades to come .
[us] see www.citizen.orgdocumentsusa.pdf also , the obama administration is aggressively courting foreign financial services firms , such as health insurers  trying to facilitate their entry into the us market .
[us] isds proceedings take place out of the public eye  isds cases are held behind closed doors and are fully confidential , even if cases being disputed involve matters of public interest .
[us] usa bombed the ever living shit out of vietnam and did nt pay the usual hundreds of billions to rebuild like usa does for all their other friendsbomb targets and vietnam still loves usa .
[russia] it was obvious in the case of crashed boeing when tone and content of news in the internet and on tv was very different for couple days , tv studios could nt rebuild their agenda and  live footage  fast enough .
[russia] some evidence of propaganda  httpwww.reddit.comrrussiacomments2grt7nqualitycontrolcouncilofgermanpublictv and some german satire thereof  httpswww.youtube.comwatchvjsofq7tgtlgt12 and just some random discussions ... httpwww.theguardian.comcommentisfree2013may17westhiddenpropagandamachinesocialmedia httpwww.telesurtv.netenglishopinionwesternmediapropagandaincoverageoftheisraelpalestineconflict201408210067.html httpwww.aljazeera.comindepthopinion201405ukraineliespropagandawestage20145384527678726.html i can go to any major news website from the west and pull out ten propaganda pieces , because all news is propagandized .
[us] the visit with vietnam was actually a really big deal for the us , our visiting officials were the highest ranking officials to visit in decades .
[russia] it is also worth mentioning that level headed russians tend to express desire to leave russia , there are enough polls out there with data , russia is far from lawful place with  fair rules , fair game  .
[us] the english monarchy really was nt that oppressive , and certainly originally , they did nt even want freedom , they simply wanted representation in the english parliament .
[us] the us and the west german gov formed pretty close ties in the intel community , and many agents became friends or shared mutual respect .
[us] these emergency solar generators  esgs  would purposely not be connected to the long lines of the bulk electric system , to protect against both geomagnetic storm impacts and high altitude emp risks .
[us] people wonder why nuland said   fuck the eu   , but it s because the eu basically helped create this whole thing by wanting to expand east , but when the shit hit the fan the eu collapsed into itself thanks to memberstates  diverging interests leaving the burden on america s shoulders .
[us] enemy armies eventually , with much loss of life , capture one israeli town after another , but the loss of their brothers in arms has sufficiently infuriated the enemies that they massacre the inhabitants who remain in the town .
[russia] promoting russian language as a basis for international cooperation inside ussr and forsing russian languageculture while oppresing and eventually erasing national ones are two completely different things .
[us] a policy that s stealing more money from the poorest part of the world than they get from aid , and giving it to the richest .
[russia] infamous  ac unit incident  , reports on military success when in fact the operation in question did nt even started , separatists killed in hundreds a day , etc.
[russia] someone bothers to ask for your opinion about events prior to ww2 and asks for your evaluation of those events and what impact they had on soviet union , its people and political leadership , but this is too complicated .
[russia] like fsb unable to stop terrorists despite they knew who was the woman which exploded in volgograd today and they knew she s dangerous .
[russia] but russia is nt asking for much at this point , just no nato in belorussia , ukraine , georgia , kazakhstan  the immediate borders in short .
[us] also , they have an agreement with sierra nevada that could likely lead to them building their craft  basically a minishuttle  for the esa .
[russia] russia s invasions generally resulted in territorial annexation please explain how alleged  territorial annexation  with 0  zero  dead civilians , iirc two dead soldiers and generally happy population is worse that what usa had done to middle eastern countries .
[us] russia is a weird case in which their navy is really only a denial tool instead of a projection tool  as well as a mad tool  .
[russia] i am , of course , talking about the 1940 campaign , which is infinitely more comparable to barbarossa than the allied invasion when the allies had full air superiority , and most of whose units were mechanized by then .
[us] lets assume you advance some number of tanks towards polandgermany  after  russia s first strike nuke was dropped , because that s what the article said .
[russia] limiting me to the 1900 s is nt much help for your cause , but rest assured , going back into the 1700s the list grows by hundreds of millions .
[us] i was nt trying to use the word like somehow it is like an i win button in an argument i did nt even know i was having in the first place .
[russia] see how our western partners lack the capacity to differentiate between a russian and a chechen , i guess our policies are paying off .
[russia] i bet that the shelves are empty because people bought everything in heaps fearing that the desired products might be unavailable due to the sanctions .
[us] you can possibly have religious provisions , but it s not like moyels are nt terrible at carrying out the procedure anyways , and they do it outside of a hospital .
[us] it is nt great for providing consistent , affordable , universal services with the best interests of the majority in mind   let me be honest here , its not just not great at them , its  against any framing of the public interest as important   the things you just mentioned .
[us] perhaps educational grants to isis to improve their infrastructure in hopes of fostering a liberal youth in a genocidal theocratic regime so they may one day twenty years down the road be capable of initiating nonviolent revolution
[us] if you are arguing that american fans do nt live and breath and die for their teams just as european fans , then you are making a baseless assumption .
[us] the worst thing that could happen to israelis is genocide , the destruction of their polity , and the scattering of the survivors as refugees , and what s worse  this would be the  second  time it happened to the jews .
[russia] russia does nt look so good now , putin is playing the social conservatism card , whereas it s hard to say where ukraine will go .
[russia] some  advanced westerners  just do nt get that it s impossible to fastforward entire country , and that backdraft from those attempts can be quite brutal .
[russia] from the way you re talking , i would not like to be a tatar in a territory annexed by you , you do nt sound like a very flexible or tolerant leader at all .
[us] httprbth.combusiness20140707icaorecognizescrimeanairspaceasrussian37997.html     in midmarch 2014 , ukrainian air traffic control services closed the airports in simferopol and sevastopol as well as lower airspace over crimea  until further notice  .
[us] but than again , we did fly one   a b52   through china s newly declared aidz   we opposed it since it conflicted with japan  korea s own territorial claims   .
[russia] there is this thing called intelligence and special services , there are things like agents , high officials on payroll and many many other wonderful things .
[us] lining up a bunch of chronically under maintained and under supplied militaries as one fighting force does nt suddenly make them one big fighting force ... it s still a bunch of chronically under supplied and maintained militaries .
[russia] the fire rises and the time for fear will come when baltics , finland and entirety of eastern europe would once again became a part of glorious mother russia  .
[russia] let me put this in context for you  russia is being asked to pull it s army out of a peaceful country that it has invaded and stop backing the insurgency that is costing the citizens of that country their lives , and you are telling me this is asking russia to roll over and die
[us] the point i am making is that once a russian is nt even living inside of russia and has access to internet and speaks english they are clearly just as privileged as anyone else with regards to access to information .
[us] and trust me , growing up we had a friend who had a frenchborn father and he was uncut , and we all thought it was super weird .
[us] its also likely that some , more than one , nuclear power plants would have ended up in a meltdown state because of  loss of the ultimate heatsink   technical term  .
[russia] i can probably name a dozen of events when u chose to look the other way for the sake of profit or gaining influence , one of my favorite is comments about afghanistan opium 40x times increase in production since invasion   but this is their only source of income   .
[russia] it s about ukrainians  and many other people , often living literally half a world away  who twist the history to spread antirussian propaganda   russians starved ukrainians , russians bad and evil   .
[russia] its probably too late to respond , but anyway  out of pure curiosity what did you expect top european politician  arguably most influential  to say publicly   we are definately , 100  going to abandon russian energy supplies effective now
[us] admitting you have a big problem and trying to fix it or denying you have a small issue and burying your head in the sand
[us] honestly that s a pretty big problem with our society right now ... we need a left wing victory like crazy at the moment .
[russia] however , if the crimeans support the current status , then attempting to change it will run counter to their wishes , which would make ukraine the  bad guy  .
[us] i found it bizarre that german media rarely reports on their own faltering economy , but will chest thump more than any other country when their economy is doing well .
[us] secondly , kansas has  very good roads   http1.bp.blogspot.comieb8vnfsijstdoci4lp1iaaaaaaaac9afvyqf72s6hes1600201061511kansasroadscenewestoni70fromabilene.jpg  ,  good education system   httpwww.pgavarchitects.comimagessizedimagesexpertisebvn7580x380.jpg  ,  overall good communities   httpwww.kstate.coms1173imageseditorprogramsandeventshomecoming2013201210261531045zf5971066561045.jpg  and profitable industries like  aircraft manufacturing in wichita   httpbrentdanley.comwpcontentuploads200902baswichita.jpg  and  farming   httpwww.kswheat.comphotogalleryl14.jpg  .
[russia] in fact , shit , a more conspiracyminded ukrainian would call you a russian shill , so perfectly do you play into the hands of the russian propaganda .
[russia] russia was not portrayed negatively in media , there s been a massive proanti russian divide  again , i repeat what i ve read  .
[russia] cnews.ru   httpwww.cnews.rutop20141027itkompaniipoprosiliminkomsvyazinerazrushatotrasl589103   in the third quarter of 2014  the net profit of the oil giant  rosneft   was reduced by 143 times compared to the same period in the previous year .
[russia] i just ca nt help but notice that numbers mentioned in the article are nowhere near high enough to talk about special animosity towards blacks .
[us] this means that in one day the infrastructure gets battered with a month s worth of rain in half an hour , washing away everything .
[us] pretending i were leading russia for a moment , i d threaten european stability over the possibility of losing russia s only warmwater port .
[russia] so when i hear about bad corrupt russia nowadays and how it would be just wonderful if it would be more complacent and cooperative , a small movement upwards starts in the corner of my mouth , with a thought of  hey , how about you guys would just go and fuck yourself  .
[us] fresh water is an very scarce resource , in many places water is  fossil water  being drained from aquifers , most others are at least beginning to reach the limits of what can be supplied by rivers .
[us] obviously i m not familiar with portugal but for all i know from that map , there could be a region of portugal that s nearly 100  atheist , and you would never know it by looking at that map .
[russia] when russia is is performing a cryptoinvasion befiore our very eyes makes me think you are actually trolling me now i wonder who s influence it was that led to an illegal coup in kiev , which in turn led to an outright civil war and the impending economic collapse of a heavily armed nation on russia s border
[russia] it said that it was a  political matter  but , despite promises to the contrary , failed to provide an explanation of why it had agreed to the commemoration .
[us] i m saying that president obama has thrown around words like  unacceptable  and  can not tolerate  and then done nothing to demonstrate his commitment to those phrases .
[russia] just look at the beach photo   18   there is absolutely nothing negative about it , but at first glance it looks like a group of lost souls haunting a marsh or something .
[russia] siberia could definitely use more autonomy to give its citizens more control over its resources , but at the same time , they depend hugely on russia for everything else , it s not dissimilar from alaskan situation .
[us] i do nt think circumcision can be accurately defined as being harmful ... yes , it is cutting something from the body , but if it does nt effect functionality or pleasure it s hard to define as harmful .
[russia] plane just crashed , no fucking way that anyone on this video knows that it was a civilian airplane and no one in their right mind would cheer for that .
[russia] not to mention that some people , especially romanians see the eu as the only force to repair their countries as their political elite is so corrupted that without outside help no change will ever happen .
[us] i mean i agree that china is no threat  to the eu  , but like with russia  nato , my country has mutual defense pacts with japan , the philippines  south korea , all of whom have territorial disputes or maritime disputes with china .
[us] islam has already taken both countries over , and the jihad will be branching out from them , into the rest of the western world .
[russia] at this rate , there would have been casualties before too long in any country , no matter how  democratic ,  and no amount of downvotes to my original comment will change that fact .
[us] i usually end up just getting berated and downvoted and told to leave even if my comment is something controversial like the sky is blue due to the flag next to my name .
[us] asking midwesterners if they ve left the country is redundant as 95  of the time that answer is no unless they live near canada .
[russia] but back to topic of emigration , i do nt think i represent a typical russian , i was heavily exposed to western world from at least 6 years when i got my zxspectrum , now i am 27 , i have stopped watching russian tv about a decade ago because it was piece of shit , i tend to have a skeptical view and has grown into a cynic .
[russia] a conversation i had with a dane led me into making this topic , i was honestly surprised he had nt heard of whatsapp .
[russia] as of right now , russia is soso , kind a stupid and weird in its actions with its  somewhat stealthy  war in ukraine , but nothing really that outrageous or insane as in occupation , deportation and all the other stops .
[us] this is really strange position and i only heard this aggressive language from israelis when they talk about obama in  rworldnews  1  you are showing how out of touch you are .
[us] of course most of these issues have died out and the last of the mongoloids have been shunned to the furthest recesses of civilization  they exist but they mostly just exist as outlandish callers on radio shows and are honestly mostly harmless at this point  but the issues that formed some of the violent and negative reputation the south got were mostly due to how the end of the us civil war was handled .
[russia] if you dare to make up your own mind without subscribing to all of their agenda , you are a vatnik retard and communist pawn with a slave mentality .
[us] so , i have written the moderators of  rpolitics many times telling them this and they still block all stories from eyesontrade.typepad.com and citizen.typepad.com .
[russia] the answer is again goes in notion with what was considered normal at the time   spheres of influence and existed treaties  , if russia were to start annexing parts of germany or france , there would be immediately formed a coalition with a goal to stop russia from becoming a dominant power on european continent .
[us] america , for it s civil rights flaws , has probably some of the most accepting free speech rights in the world , and we do nt see significant amounts of violence directed by hate groups  in fact , their membership numbers and activities decline hugely as time progresses .
[russia] catherine was basically a nobility  girl  , she never really gave a fuck about russians , liquidated stuff like autonomy of ukraine and generally was considered somewhat of a whore if i remember correctly  not sure , maybe it was someone else  .
[russia] belarus gets first portion of russia s  450million loan  putin signs bill blocking websites that incite rioting , promote extremism  8 dead in traffic accident in european russia  putin lifts ban on protests at sochi olympics , orders area specially for rallies
[russia] this was a while back , but everyone s current favorite ukrainian freedom fighter , arseniy petrovych yatsenyuk ,  was present there as well   httpuainside.infowpcontentuploads201402yatsen.png  .
[russia] current statusquo advocated by our irish friend there is at least the same that was during yushenko years  antirussian  , i would argue much worse though .
[russia] however , the point i m trying to raise is that the tradition of violence unfortunately has a history here and some people really just need a reason to let out their anger , no matter what .
[us] funny that if i were to back a new account called israel for israelis with a strict agenda for posting anti palestine news , a would be called a shill
[us] sweden is known for its generous social policies , but like any country ca nt be expected to be able to handle an exodus of those proportions .
[us] a selfstyled regulatory watchdog , the cre applauded the introduction of the legislation as a brake against an overzealous embrace of preliminary or incomplete research findings .
[russia] government is following  rule          beat your people to make others afraid  and is ready to shoot itself in the foot just to piss off everyone around .
[us] just cause you dont suffer from it doesnt mean your country isn  t one of the worst in the world with regards to income inequality and steadily becoming worse in that respect .
[us] the vast majority of people have been using the term in that way for at most two decades , but closer to 10 or 5 years .
[russia] this is very good for corporations as charts show , i am sure you saw a couple of them with corporate profits being at all times high .
[us] reports  us airstrike kills 3 top isis militants    httpwww.newsmax.comnewsfrontisisairstrikesiraqalbaghdadi20140904id592668   three top islamic state  isis  members , including an aide to leader abu bakr albaghdadi , were killed wednesday in a u.s. airstrike in iraq , according to news reports based on information from senior baghdad security officials .
[us] we want to be able to bring the standards of living of everybody in the word upward but that should not come at the expense of the middle class in developed countries , while the so called one percent take an ever larger slice of a growing pie .
[russia] i am sorry , was that a joke about russia did not suffering invasions in that time period , or do they literally not teach world history in sweden
[russia] i would nt wish that on poles but you re sub human enough to wish it on donetsk and luhansk because  russian  boogeymen something something vladimir putin something something evil empire
[us] if russia is so amazing compared to these countries russia used to occupy then why are there all these economies that are growing faster than russia and some already have gdp higher than russia in former soviet bloc countries
[us] you are leaving out the dimension , that according to western values and morals , we as westerners refuse to live in a world in which people needlessly suffer .
[us] if you are the don of a mafia state , in the ruins of an empire , and have a tenuous grip on power ... that is exactly the world you want to live in .
[russia] last time i checked ee countries are independent and do nt owe russia squat , therefore can invite whatever military they choose , be it nigerian or us one .
[us] the issue is that many lowerincome patients with insurance coverage through the federal and state exchanges bought bronzetier plans with lower premiums but high deductibles , coinsurance and copayments and no federal costsharing subsidies .
[us] and i think the positives of being able to own a gun outweigh the negatives , but everyone here will obviously disagree with me there as it s  reurope .
[russia] context   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisevendaystotheriverrhine   the plans predicted that  nato would launch a nuclear attack on the vistula river  valley in a first strike scenario , which would prevent soviet bloc commanders from sending reinforcements to east germany to prevent a nato invasion of that country .
[russia] plaese do nt just downvote me silently , give me an argument if what i said is not the case , then downvote , k
[us] the internet , and reddit specifically , helped to organize and popularize them , through the subreddit  rpodemos  there s no reason why other political movements ca nt use the internet or different kinds of  democracy software   httpwww.reddit.comrbasicincomecomments2kvesdinspainwearethebestcandidateoecdcountryclpf6mt  to organize themselves .
[us] if israel ca nt protect them from persecution where they live , it offers them citizenship so they can least be safe in israel .
[us] also , i see the dutch as not caring for flashy materialism , nor classicism , which royalty , no matter how humble , would seem to violate .
[russia] i hope putin  co. will not cut this channel , because thanks to shuttle merchants , i have fresh finnish cheese in the fridge in st. petersburg .
[russia] httpi.imgur.comp2woju1.png  sorry for region names in russian , top 10 are  tuva , chechen , altai , nenets , ingushetia , buryatia , sakha , kurgan last of which with the fertility rate of 2.115 .
[us] the fact that these laws try to quietly reverse the precautionary principle is very telling because the precautionary principle is a core nugget of wisdom .
[us] i thought you were trying to say uk had no business being in that part of the world at all and it is fair to attack them .
[us] while putin would lose if europe left , the grave impact on europe s energy prices and business sentiment would push them much harder than it would russia , since putin has a welldeveloped propaganda machine and has demonstrated that he is fine with quelling mass protests .
[us] an army conducting large scale ground operations without air superiority against rivals that have modern air forces risks ending up like saddam hussein s army in the gulf wars .
[russia] if i am a civilian in an area and someone is bombing my townvillage  i am not happy , so if someone shoots down that plane , i would probably cheer a bit , because  i do nt like to be bombed  or have friends or relatives who were bombed .
[us] edit   as for my second point about the baltics , it s one of the reasons why i think power projection is so critical in our age .
[russia] that any and all protests they may have are due to their evil nature , and not the presence of the world s most powerful military alliance on their doorstep which has continued to probe always further into its sphere of interests
[russia] yet another joke  once in united kingdom , france and russia was signed an order about anal rape of all citizens in every saturday .
[russia] on fox s front page i can see news about isis , ebola , so there are at least  some  news not about how terrible obama is .
[russia] i m not sure why u are being downvoted , i understood your message as that of a compassion and not judgement  as of things to come  .
[russia] problem is , us never had issues signing it before ... and the treaties are mutual , so you break a weapon , i break a weapon .
[us] not in the recent past , no , although as i said in 2012 a space probe did record a very powerful cme at one of the  lagrange points   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilagrangianpoint   i forget which one  you can see from the wikipedia page what the lagrange points are . . basically , they are ahead or behind us in our same orbit .
[russia] by your logic , soviet union was an ally of united states during vietnam war , because soviets financed and gave equipment to north , united states was on south side
[us] americans have huge healthcare bills , which dont go away even if we spend hundreds or in many cases thousands of dollars a month on  health insurance  .
[russia] so it s no wonder that the hill  still full of wwii trenches  was used by the rebels as a defensive point and it s no wonder that ukrainian army had to shell it really hard .
[us] supporting equal rights for women , equal rights for all genders , and equal rights for all humans are nt exclusive , you all should be on the same side for goodness sake
[us] how many conflicts has t90 been in , how many have been destroyed as opposed to the combat history and the losses of m1a1smerkava vsleopard 2s
[russia] ok , look at the map , separatists controlled krasnogorovka 15km on the west from the pervaya ploschadka , minimal range of grad is 5 km , separatists were easily able to carry out that attack .
[russia] there was this other guy napoleon who wanted to conquer the world as well , well it s unclear what he had in store for everyone , but i doubt that he would put polish  although poland aligned itself with the guy , because it was partitioned before  or russian interests before french .
[us] i mean ... come on ... that s 200 munitions , most precisionguided , as well as some of 47 tomahawk cruise missiles compared to the some 253 bombs and missiles we ve hit isis in iraq with .
[russia] i love how you got upvoted nearly unanimously here whereas any other time on  reurope a russian saying  sometimes death is good when it is a net positive  will prompt a sea of go away russian commienazi haha euronigger savages  paraphrased  .
[us] poland has few natural resources of much value , and has a very similar per capita gdp to russia , which sits on truly massive reserves of oil , natural gas , and mineral wealth .
[russia] but generally a lot of russians do support their government these days for many reasons  some always do , some buy the propaganda but those are people who are always progovernment .
[us] nowadays , expropriation is mainly in the form of  indirect expropriation     acts and steps taken by governments which interfere with the right to the property or diminish the value of the property   it seems as if the ftas give corporations ownership of a country under a fixed set of conditions .
[russia] or you know , we actually like ukrainians and do nt believe in the bullshit the media has been feeding you guys about russia s plans of taking ukraine  and the rest of europe apparently  for itself .
[us] the fiscal policy of eurozone has been a disaster and you have merkel and her allies tutt tutting the rest of europe like they broke curfew .
[russia] according to nikolay alexeyev , one of russia s most prominent gay rights activists , a large percentage of these asylum seekers are nt genuine gays but simply people looking for a permanent residency in europe .
[russia] that s why ukrainians looks so bizarre when they try to defend upa , they do nt realise how bad it sounds to the rest .
[us] if you stop people because of their color in one country , it is  equivalent  to stopping people for their color in another country .
[us] even if all major us cities are destroyed , each us nuclear sub has enough warheads to destroy 90  of russia , and nobody has any clue where those subs are .
[russia] russian empirialism is well documented and balkans were russian sphere of interest for centuries , this is widely known by everyone at the time , hell , we even started ww1 because of them and panslavinism .
[us] now , they can buy it but it attempts to dump them when they get sick with huge costs which many americans have no idea are waiting for them ,  access , affordability , and insurance complexity are often worse in the united states compared to 10 other countries   httpwww.commonwealthfund.orgpublicationsintheliterature2013novaccessaffordabilityandinsurance.aspx   new study  u.s.
[russia] today people here are getting jail terms for attempts to gather in public places for political discussions  it s  funny  how rufed is less developed  as democracy  than kievan rus was one thousand years ago .
[us] uhh , i think you need to establish the link between trading with china and the us and control over becoming a melting pot a little bit more strongly .
[russia] by comparing the wageshare of exports from periphery to core to the wageshare of exports from core to periphery , we can get an idea of what the prices of exports would be under a hypothetical system of equal exchange and equal wages .
[russia] actually , it was the policy of chechens to terrorize the civilian population of russia , which was proven by multiple acts of terror .
[russia] in south america you will meet united states in all its might and c.i.a activity , coups , economical pressure and to a lesser extent china  in africa china is already a big player , they will increase their presence there as well  middle east is unstable as always and they lack in certain aspects  and then there is russia who provides you with cheap shit , which kind a helps to compete with both u.s and china  a big market for your stuff .
[russia] a joke ridiculing ukrainian historians that try to prove ukraine is the homeland of all slavs and that protoukrainians already lived there 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 thousand years ago , fighting scythians , goths , huns , magyars etc.
[us] the assertions that the various ftas here in the us would create large numbers of jobs  here  or improve the economy are unsupported by the facts .
[us] my main criticism with the thread has been the people that are practically shouting for africans to be killed on sight and hope that they all drown and die .
[us] nobody in sweden thinks that there is a serious possibility of russians marching into stockholm and massacring the inhabitants , whereas israelis believe that an arab army marching into jerusalem and massacring the jewish inhabitants is not an unrealistic scenario if the idf fails in a war .
[russia] incompetent leader unable to control its intelligence services  greenpeace case was also a lot of posturing and chest bumping , but what happened was exactly as i predicted  released after some  time for thought  .
[russia] someone from nomenclatura was basically limited to the same things anyone sneakylucky enough could get in their lifetime  1 . a flat  khruschevka vs stalinka  2 . a car  a lada vs a volga with a chauffeur  3 . a dacha  600 m  2 and a rickety house vs 5000 m  2 and a proper one  of course , you also got access to delicatessen and , if you were in the diplo corps , real foreign goods , but no one  except the top of the top , like galina brezhneva s circle  could run around swiss skiing resorts spraying naked fashion models with dom perignon .
[us] some numbers for you to consider   poverty headcount ratio  2009  china  poverty trend  world bank    live less than  1.25 a day  11.8   157 million  live less than  2 a day  27.2   362 million  live less than  2.5 a day  36.5   486 million  live less than  5 a day  67.8   902 million   source   httppovertydata.worldbank.orgpovertycountrychn  note that these numbers are adjusted for local purchasing power .
[russia] i proposed you an alternative universe , in which i post shit about israel , i blame them for every sin on earth and generally express hatred and animosity with zero desire to compromise or have a balanced view .
[russia] then they naturally collapsed and are unable to recover at all , year after year they show record number unemployment , vacant homes , immigration numbers are through the roof , debt is skyrocketing .
[us] the only thing it brings to the table is nuclear weapons , and since india and china already have them , that s not really a huge deal .
[russia] it seems kazakhstan is already moving into this direction after recent phrase of putin how kazakhstan was created on a territory which never had any state on it  and belarus is openly exploit customs union to bypass kremlin s selfinflicted sanctions and organize governmentsponsored  contraband  of forbidden products from eu into russian federation .
[us] maybe it would be better if there was a policy to spread these people more evenly throughout europe so that tiny countries do nt get overloaded like sweden and norway .
[russia] i am saying that soviet leadership was  forced  to sign mrp ,  because of all the shit previously combined in one huge menacing picture  for the existence of it .
[us] i also do nt want to join a supranational government that does nt have a proper legislature , does nt have a proper executive branch , does nt have a unionwide currency union , does nt have a strong fiscal union   thus also undermining the currency union    does nt have a single military or foreign policy .
[russia] you mean ussr moved the border to the west and all  russians  retreat back to rsfsr so nazis will kill all poles  belorussians  ukrainians  jews first
[russia] of course , it s only an assumption but it seems like kremlin has had enough with uncontrolled insurgents and tries to tighten its grasp on military power in the region .
[us] another example of when the government allows corporations to have their way with catastrophic results , was the national city lines fiasco that turned the us from the country with the best and most efficient public transit system in the world , to a country that was addicted to fossil fuels , in only 30 years .
[us] say anything good about stephen elop  the microsoft mole who was nokia s ceo for a while , destroyed nokia by being literally the worst ceo of recorded history , sold nokia to microsoft at ridiculous price and was rehired to ms  .
[russia] it was his finest hour , so now media is ready to retranslate any crazy shit that  exadviser of putin   or even  putin adviser   says .
[russia] for instance , on a route  from moscow to maykop   httpswww.google.rumapsdird09cd0bed181d0bad0b2d0b0d09cd0b0d0b9d0bad0bed0bf47.1354919,42.2408418,6zdata4m194m181m101m11s0x46b54afc73d4b0c90x3d44d6cc5757cf4c2m21d37.61732d55.7558263m41m21d38.95800942d45.04770763s0x40f04f6fb44602fb0xaebe41b8b877abd51m51m11s0x40f0cce5ee08a45d0x500f351ac87184d12m21d40.0833332d44.63e0hlru  i remember a border between moscow oblast and tula oblast , millerovo  rostov oblast  , kuzhevka checkpoint and customs  krasnodarsky  krai  entry  , autonomous  republic  of adigea border  instant ass rape if you drive a car with tanned windows  .
[russia] only to be back several months later when hatred towards newly elected government and imf reforms would grew enough , to stir serious dissent and large enough protests , not couple thousand people .
[russia] i stand by the fact that initially euromaidan was antirussian in its basis  european deal  and the informational background that i got from watching all the streams at the time and active parties involved in protests was quite russophobic in its core .
[us] if there is a section of the country that desperately does nt want to be a part of spain , what does it matter what a piece of paper says
[us] 11 and ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin  and it shall be a token of a covenant betwixt me and you .
[russia] rumor   reuters article   httpreuters.comarticleiduskbn0fw0tp20140727irpc932   it seems  court in hague has satisfied  or will satisfy  legal case of ukos shareholders   httptop.rbc.rupolitics28072014939219.shtml  against government of russia  successful private oil company was defacto nationalized to punish  rebel oligarch  khodorkovsky who then spent  10 years in prison for not accepting putin as his master  .
[us] all that world on fire proves in the end is that governments can not be depended upon to prevent violence against people who have been , for whatever reason , demonized by others .
[us] i m not arguing that china has nt made good progress , but they still have a very , very long way to go .
[us] gats and nafta are particularly useful because they both seem to have been prototype documents which concepts are borrowed from extensively you can and search terms together with a plus sign
[us] you sure are justifying everything they do though and putting everyone else to blame for the mere desire to not live in poverty and be safe from being invaded and to be able to make their own decisions .
[russia] as a final accord , id like to note that nato is u.s led alliance and their agenda not necessarily pursues european union interests .
[russia] russia  , no more meat , only potato now  government has sanctioned its own population and western business with embargo on food import  meat , poultry , dairy products , fruits , vegetables  ,  up to 15  of food was removed in certain segments   httptop.rbc.rueconomics09082014941977.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem4   government says it will help local production .
[us] i do nt blame finland for the cautious approach , but still think it should be a finnish decision and not decided by outside forces or threats .
[us] i bring it up because your entire line of argumentation rests on the baseless assertion that africa was one step short of paradise before the big bad europeans arrived and destroyed this eden .
[us] maybe more spending is nt necessary , but you guys have some serious institutional problems in your military if that s where you re at .
[russia] that s not the point though , i do nt care what you think of russia s power rating and personally , i do nt care either , i am not about to measure dicks , knowing full well that ours is nt exactly up right now .
[russia] if people do nt have skills that are in demand or the investment environment friendly enough then their wages have to go down until equilibrium is achieved .
[us] would you expect texas or california to have more than one ngo on what is intentionally made among the very difficult subjects to understand .
[us] you can read the  neoliberal arguments in here   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf   its about the us but it all should apply to the uk too because you also signed gats .
[us] but i do know the world community would make russia an absolute pariah and it would launch one of the largest wars in history .
[us] you only have to look at how the tea party ousted the republican congressman eric cantor in virginia despite only raising a fraction of as much money as him , and despite him being house majority leader   2nd most powerful guy in our lower house atm   .
[russia] navalny could ve been the leader as he started with the right thing  fight the corruption , but now his popularity decreased a lot .
[russia] if russia would not have loaned  15 bln  , it might very well default on its obligations , caz they simply can not pay it back .
[russia] russia is escalating the conflict  example  yesterday s descent onto ukrainian territory outside of crimean borders  , it s possible we ll see severe  iranian  sanctions sooner or later  peugeot sales in iran  458.000 cars in 2011 , 0 cars in 2012  .
[us] yep , the us gets only 13  of its oil from the middle east , and about 23 of that is from saudi arabia , so even if this is some big plot to get oil , it s not even a considerable amount , even if terrorism improved that somehow .
[russia] sadly , most of the time i can not find news articles in english  russia today does nt translate most russian news because they are bad for the government while reutersbbc often publish just a paragraph  or two  of text .
[us] right , except for   italy  north africa  france  belgium  the netherlands  japan  china  the philippines  the air war  russian supplies the trope that the ussr did everything singlehandedly is just as bad as the us did .
[russia] it was on the top of  reurope   httpspay.reddit.comreuropecomments27dl49nsflnsfwprorussianseparatistsexecuteprisoners  , so i think that confirmation that it was a fake is relevant to the sub .
[us] russia just wants to keep failed puppet states surrounding them so the people can feel proud of their imperialism and not get jealous of how the people in poland and baltics and other countries are leaving russia in the dust right on their border .
[russia] you can always wave your fists without using them , but there is a limit to the degree to which you can do that .
[russia] it would be smart to make a referendum about independence in crimea , but putin is pathologically afraid of fair elections and referendums , so i think that this is unlikely .
[russia] what else ... few guys caught taking bribes ,  russia needs propaganda  putin spokesman   httpen.ria.rurussia20131219185718548russianeedspropagandaputinspokesman.html  , plaque honoring soviet leader brezhnev restored in moscow  plaques honoring other soviet leadres are going to be restored too  , dagestani vice pm and two more people dies in a car accident in moscow  there s no crash barrier because officials use the line between roads to avoid traffic jam , accidents happen very often  .
[russia] there were reports that  separatists  got their hands on buk system  i believe even ukrainian officials claimed so  and they recently shot down ukrainian military jet or smtn .
[russia] the kiev junta is no less gangsterish , and no more legitimate , and no amount of downvotes on russophobic  reurope is going to change that .
[us] and the goal was to sell it before the grace period on skipping principal ended and move into an even bigger house from all the huge profits .
[us] i m just saying , sometimes people do nt realize  just how freaking huge  the us is until they come here , and realize that they planned to do too much in too short of a time because they had nt accounted for the distance .
[us] the us is socially  as in legal system and social structure  probably closest to the uk if a european nation had to be picked .
[russia] but knowing how much most ukrainians in the west genuinely respect bandera makes me confused as to how you care about them so much .
[us] perhaps do a bit of introspection before you write off the world s largest and richest economy as  a terrible place to do business  .
[russia] let us not forget that a major catalyst in the entire affair was an ultimatum delivered by the eu for ukraine to choose all or nothing .
[us] the serbian state was only solvent because of french loans , french subsidies , your armaments were french  in return , you were an instrument of french foreign policy .
[russia] russia could have helped ukraine and kept them very close through economic and friendly means you mean , like that time when russia offered ukraine like 15 billion dollars , cheap gas and what not
[us] in no way has the eu or its predecessors  which we did not join but found alongside others  required , explicitly or  implicitly  , military involvment by any member state .
[us] the relationship of this treaty to the european union defense policy is   the treaty is bilateral between the uk and france and does not have a formal link with the european union s common security and defence policy .
[us] this is good news for us , but i hope that it is still coupled with a continued push towards renewables and energy conservation .
[russia] russians are against the war with ukraine ukraine is not yours , that s why you are angry moscow without sobyanin , russia without putin gang , get out
[russia] on the other hand , it can protect from retaliation if significant part of russian launch sites and infrastructure are destroyed by nato first strike .
[us] the plan for what the  total withdrawl   httpwww.dartmouth.edudpressdocspresscomehomeamericais.pdf  of the united states of america from german and south korean soil has never been drawn up .
[russia] no , no , no , in this comment i do nt try to downplay the obvious importance that ukraine is to russia , i just point out that you ca nt officialy blame russian government for that .
[us] tisa , which is in the wings  9http    corporateeurope.orgblog342civilsocietygroupsopposederegulationandprivatisationproposedservicesagreementtisa  , attempts to privatize and globalize services in  to start  50 countries  it will likely attempt to then use the service jobs as  water  trading leverage which means that many jobs will almost certainly be used in a sense as bargaining chips in globalization , at least thats what ive been told will probably happen .
[russia] but it took them quite some time to do so , so if europe wants to diversify they should also start building , but it still would require  a considerable amount of money and time  .
[russia] however when fsb blames a person that nobody seen in years  that is a very bad sign because it means they do nt have any clues who it really was
[us] overseas shipping is also pretty economical although i agree a pipeline is typically the cheapest alternative short of the oil already being inside of your country .
[us] that s what i thinking , cause when all the muslim hate was the rage in the us after 911 , people just assumed every arab or anyone that looked like them was a muslim .
[russia] olympic games in sochi were just a half year ago , yet people already forget the shitstorm of tweets about  horrible conditions  yadda yadda , when minor fails got blown way out of proportion and even fake pics got reposted and reposted and reposted .
[us] i know that the big expansion of fracking they are planning is also going to include huge increases in workers from companies in other countries , probably as subcontractors or subsubcontractors .
[us] so , we ca nt jump to conclusions about pujol , because the case is under investigation , which now  does nt  imply much about guilt
[russia] alexander nevski   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikialexandernevsky  has rejected offer of western states to remove tatars and adopt catholicism but in return tatars turned his dynasty into rulers of newly created russian state  orthodox church declared him a saint .
[us] if you switch the roles you  d know that these polls do nt mean every turk who hates our government is going to hate you .
[us] a study by the nuclear regulatory commission  nrc  determined that the  boil down time  for spent fuel rod containment ponds runs from between 4 and 22 days after loss of cooling system power before degenerating into a fukushimalike situation , depending upon the type of nuclear reactor and how recently its latest batch of fuel rods had been decommissioned .
[us] it is the curse of the  ghosts of mass transit  that we killed for our worship of cars that are haunting us in this manner .
[russia] paet is a foreign minister of estonia , but it does nt make him an authority the subject , and it does nt make him a person with some inside knowledge .
[us] military importance in the east of europe , a strong poland is a lynchpin to any plans made by nato  diplomatic importance between europe s largest economy and europe s largest source of energy .
[us] as it stands , even in the 70s the british were so concerned about the moscow abm system that they accepted a  virtual attrition  by  removing warheads and replacing them with chevaline   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikichevaline  .
[russia] a crisis is a good time to switch governments and policy , but to pull yourself out of a hole you have to create jobs , not eliminate half of them that are still existing , and then reshuffle the rest .
[russia] i simply do nt see why as a human being you would want to take that away from over a hundred and a half  million  people .
[us] as if russia is important enough where he thinks the usa spends every waking moment trying to counter it and somehow controls every single country .
[us] cars from europe andor asia need to either be of luxury qualitystatus or economical  in the sense of being cheap and longlived  to succeed over here .
[us] yeah , this thread is funny because if you ask americans who travel often , they almost all universally complain about service in europe .
[us] when the commission claims that  economic growth and increased productivity  in ttip will create  new job opportunities for high  and lowskilled workers alike   httpec.europa.eutradepolicyinfocusttipquestionsandanswers  it is worth taking it with a large grain of salt .
[russia] preserving the single cultural code requires the denial of state support for cultural projects that impose alien social norms  ...   no references to  creative freedom  and  national distinctiveness  can justify the behavior that is considered unacceptable from the standpoint of traditional russian values .
[russia] strelkov s people intentionally shelled residential areas of sloviansk , kramatorsk , luhansk , etc. , killing hundreds of civilians , it was and still is part of their tactics .
[us] we re more socially progressive on gay marriage than a number of european countries , with most , if not all , of the republican states only being as bad as germany  abortion is legal unlike in poland  ireland , not to mention more accepted than in  italy   httpwww.ipsnews.net201404italyabortslaw  .
[russia] ministry of foreign affairs said european sanctions and follow up isolation of russia will be  welcomed by international terrorists organizations   httptop.rbc.rupolitics26072014939140.shtml   for me it sounds like a serious threat   isolate us and we ll start supporting terrorist activity  outside of ukraine       ukrainian rebels reported 2 downed military jets  above 5km height   httptop.rbc.rupolitics23072014938518.shtml   airplanes attempted to use antimissile systems and maneuvers .
[russia] recent russiaukraine relations went sour after orange revolution in 2004 i think , when tymoshenko  yushenko came to power and started basically shitting on anything that have to do with russia , russian language , russian bases , schools , commemorating questionable  from russian point of view   heroes  .
[russia] if you think that spices are all that imperialism amounted to then it is infact you that has a lot to learn about the history of economics .
[russia] often people have to obtain papers in one organization to show them in another organization across the street  or even for the same organization but with different level  federal vs municipal vs regional  .
[us] would probably be fun for you if you could just decide that 145,870 people have decided to disregard everything i say , but  just not how it works
[us] how about when it s accompanied with upper houses like in the united kingdom  canada , where lordssenators consist of life appointments , life peers , hereditary peers  spiritual peers
[russia] your wiki link states   in 1944 , under the  false pretext  of alleged collaboration between the crimean tatars and the nazis during the nazi occupation of the crimea   , however , that is patently false , tatars did collaborate .
[us] what a lot of europeans do nt seem to realize  or do nt  want  to  , is that they have nt done enough research , and they do nt know what they re talking about .
[russia] i fucking  love  reading western media outlets or politicians , when they start to talk about corruption , or how russia is bad because   insert here  .
[us] not sure how it works in the eu , but in the us , you are regularly interrogated during your green card application if you are applying through marriage .
[us] how will you convince all 28 member states to unanimously agree to grant special optouts to scotland  on the euro , or membership of the schengen area  which all recent member states have had to adopt themselves
[us] such cuts are likely to be opposed by nato allies , especially in eastern europe , worried by growing russian military threats to the continent .
[russia] it is unlikely that russia will tolerate such treatment , so  voice of reason  would be drown in  hawkishness  from both sides   thus making things even worse .
[us] bucher suggests that although regulatory agencies evaluate the risks of agents fairly uniformly , they may pay more attention to cases that rise to political or social prominence .
[russia] you live in russia , worked in politics , comment a lot on russian politics , ukrainian conflict , you are proputin , and you never heared of one of leading putins  puppets who now works mostly on military related issues and whose name was on billboards and all the media all over the country on several occasions
[us] one thing putin knows for sure , is that whatever he does  less than fullscale ground invasion  he does  not  have to worry about the german military .
[russia] the president of ukraine may be removed from the office by the verkhovna rada of ukraine in compliance with a procedure of impeachment if he commits treason or other crime .
[us] isds uses citizens  money to bail out corporations for risky investments  in total ttip would enable 75,000 companies to seek damages from eu and us governments  hence citizens , through taxes  .
[us] i agree with this comment from the guardian , from early september when yes was on a meteoric rise   still , this yougov poll might be a blessing in disguise for the no side .
[us] we also do nt continue to have huge bank failures which are underpinned by toxic debt as we just saw with that portugese one .
[us] i mean ... why in the fuck would you deny a senate for a institution which has alienated the uk s constituent parts , pushed one towards secession  preserved a vestige of feudalism
[us] scotland is a nation , has been independent longer than it s been in a union , it is positively absurd to cite a long period of widespread illiteracy and dubious national identity as being more important to the modern scotland than the past 200 years or so .
[russia] half a year ago it was announced that in 2014 all the payments to mandatory pension fund would be suspended to give them to current pensioners and returned in the fund later  because there are otherwise no money to pay pensions  .
[russia] population does nt grow from natural causes  substantial part of births is provided by  10 millions migrants in the country as their children are almost automatically given russian citizenship  as well as their parents afterwards  .
[russia] they blame it on propaganda , or being a paid commenter , or me being mentally ill , rather than accept that people disagree with them of their own free will .
[russia] as far as nowadays ukraine goes , i want nothing to do with it , its a country on the brink of economic disaster which will cost an enormous amount of money to fix , i want russia nothing to do with that .
[us] section 5  4  of the act says that the board will have one share in the company , and all remaining shares will be halved between the minister for the environment and the minister for finance .
[us] could be that turkey was a relatively poor country in the 60s and 70s , a nato ally and immigration from eastern europe was nt really possible because of the cold war .
[us] i ca nt make sense of the details but i think that the polish f16 s require a greater degree of upgrades than the f18 s .
[us] i do nt think it s so much that the thirdone does nt matter as it is that we feel we can weather it better than iran or russia can weather their problems .
[us] you can find the reports by using the google  site  policyalternatives.ca  operator along with the fta name , for example , gats , nafta , or ftaa will all return stuff , as will ceta .
[us] a fair number of taxi drivers cashed out and now drive for uber , and uber now has a feature to hail normal cabs through the app .
[russia] maybe your stern unreceptive position , which is likely also the stern unreceptive position of the russian government , is why the tatars feel scared of you   hating you .
[us] it is really , really dangerous for russia , or anyone , to assume   my opponent wo nt respond and that it wo nt escalate quickly .
[russia] life was somewhat comfortable in russia and the price of struggle is high  freedom and life  so people preferred to convince themselves it s hopeless , to suppress feeling of guilt for not doing anything .
[russia] problem is there is too much lie in the news both in russia and ukraine and nobody can tell if news are true or not
[us] i d wager on there being at least some men drawn from the local populace to help bolster the red coats ranks and aid them with navigation  since they would know the lay of the land better
[russia] they are blamed because of attempt of ethnic cleansing of all nonchechens and because of their medieval brutality  and after they gained de facto independence after the first chechen war , they are blamed for terrorism , mass abductions and slave trade .
[russia] false flag  here obviously means different snipers from the other side who were firing at policeprotesters as well , i appreciate your sarcasm but you re not being honest here .
[russia] inside russia , i was going to say moscow military district hq , but there s been a glitch in the matrix and it s a completely different building now .
[russia] in russia sites are responsible for content of comments so this functionality is disabled on most news sites since shooting on maidan  feb , 1821  and crimean  noninvasion  .
[russia] real world is different from comic books or movies , people here expect  white knight , balls deep charge against russia  , but such action is pretty stupid and will have grave economical repercussions .
[us] unlike the mostly secular german immigrants of the 19th century , who more or less americanized , these communities remained culturally segregated from the rest of the society .
[us] for example ,  look at this in the us   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  , clearly , this is a promise that  directly contradicts gats and us trade policy   httpwww.maine.govlegisoplactpchlthcaresub.pdf  .
[us] in the us this would be totally racist but in netherlands they do nt have the history we do with black face so its not racist there .
[us] i am pretty sure being attacked first is a better reason to have protection so that they leave or refuse to think attacking is going to be successful in the first place .
[russia] in an age of disinformation , viral marketing , manipulations of data and constant propaganda campaigns ,  eyewitness report  become a whole lot less valuable in terms of giving accurate information from the  locals  .
[russia] you watch this video and then you tell me , who do you want to be the cultural leaders of modern rus  except they are not leaders .
[russia] i wonder do poles actually believe that they would have  turned the tide of the war  against nazi germany and like in hollywood movies  on the last breath , with all their might crushed puny nazi s and claimed victory
[us] at least until i let them know that it was making me uncomfortable , and that i was nt driving an hour to their churches .
[us] the jews created them and then sent them to ukraine , infecting the minds of ukrainians with the evil values of the union of inbred homosexuals .
[russia] they think that hitler fought against bolshevistic jews who occupied russia at the time , and the war was started by the jews , usa , uk , and so on .
[russia] if you wanted to be russia s ally , you would nt have reneged on a promise to keep nato out of the east .
[us] there are a few countries that do force you to dress a certain way , and the issue there lies with the governments , not necessarily the religion itself .
[us] i ll also add this , as someone who has an advanced degree or serious interest in something , you should not reply to weak comments .
[russia] what threat to ukrainian security may be this olga ivanovna , they say that she has 4yearold child ... why she ca nt be exchanged for four prisoners of war
[us] keep in mind when jna forces retreated , many serbians left in fear that croats and other nonserbs would seek revenge for the 1991 incident .
[russia] it s not even putin s invention  it was used in georgia 10 years prior to his presidency , then in moldova , then in georgia again  and in georgia eu even participated in this crap and confirmed  it was georgia s fault that russian federation has invaded them   httpnews.bbc.co.uk2hi8281990.stm  .
[russia] according to the local ministry of tourism , the main reason for it is a huge gap between prices and the quality of services provided by local resorts .
[us] you have poor countries like jordan that are nt sitting on top of oil money that have their entire country basically turned into a refugee camp .
[us] i feel that this thread is the embodiment of the eu  europeans from every different country peacefully working together to find the most devastating insults for each other .
[us] wow i am surprised to see the sukhois and pak fa on that list , i wonder if russia would still let you have them if finland decided to join nato or not .
[russia] russians , ukrainians and belorussians are of the same ethnicity but they live in different countries , speak different languages and have a slightly different mindset .
[us] let me give you an extreme example  that i am certain you will think i m making up  and i forgive you in advance for it . . because nobody believe this , nor will you believe me when i tell you that ive been following this issue for 15 years and have been hearing these stories since the late 90s and they come from a lot of sources who have no reason to make it up .
[russia] there is a beautiful rainbow cloud castle in which we would all like to live someday and then there is realpolitik in which nations pursue their own interests , not some humanism or human rights concern  thus my example of middle eastern countries and how more powerful countries operated there for decades and continue to do so  .
[russia] russian economy were not doing that well as of early 2013 at least , now the process accelerates even faster , growth is zero  or negative  , things are looking worse and worse by the day .
[russia] if you had truly read the report you would have seen that many were layoff because employers found about their past ... even if they were truly reintegrate ...  i s just another loophole for criminals to escape through  ex criminals . . who want a new start  .
[us] from a der spiegel article entitled   unprepared  government failings intensify haiyan aid disaster    httpwww.spiegel.deinternationalworldgovernmentfailingsintensifyhaiyanaiddisasterinphilippinesa934288.html   as difficult as it is at the moment , the consul has to keep his cool .
[us] free from the constraints of gravity , what we end up with is probably an amalgamation of very sharp , very small random particles .
[russia] vostok  russian   , meaning east   watch makers , inc. produces mainly rugged military and diver mechanical watches at its factory in chistopol , tatarstan , russia .
[us] httpwww.iom.edureports2013ushealthininternationalperspectiveshorterlivespoorerhealth.aspx or httpwww.nap.educatalog.phprecordid13497 stress also effects people healthy lifespans quite a bit . .  this is basically a review paper with dozens of links on stress and the body s responses to it   httpphysrev.physiology.orgcontent873873.long   this shows how stress hastens the cognitive declines of aging   httpwww.sciencenewsline.comarticles2014061811330013.html  so there is a lot to be said for avoiding a  race to the bottom  as best as we can , in both the eu and the us
[us] but he forwarded this proposal to the parties during a meeting in the palace of pedralbes in barcelona and the sovereignist parties see as a last chance to save the 9n .  the government tried , unsuccessfully , that the meeting be discreet and away from the media .
[us] any incident that could come close to overcoming the safety barriers in place is going to destroy a huge amount of infrastructure and kill a large part of the population first , which is precisely what happened in japan .
[russia] the problem obviously is the language barrier , i mean not many people in russia can speak or write in english properly , compared to european population , so it s really hard for foreigners to get an understanding of russian culture and people .
[russia] i am not going to argue that eu is better for ukraine , since i am not a supporter of russian  adventures  in southeastern ukraine .
[russia] it is interesting how chechnya is now a valuable target for terrorists because it s the most prosperous region of russian federation due to enormous financial  help  from kremlin  more like tribute for two civil wars  .
[russia] russian s leader does nt want to accept the loss of influence and control over ukraine and this way started a propaganda campaign against the ukrainians you ca nt break state apart with propaganda alone .
[russia] some shitty tabloid with sole purpose of publishing news on how terrible everything in russia is tells a bizzare story with 0 evidence to back it up and here you are with  you are going to take a lot of shit for it  .
[russia] he s kidding because in russia spying on citizens is legal and every isp and cell services provider has to keep all users  data  loginspasswords , credit card numbers , messages , voice data , etc.
[russia] a person which killed 16 people is getting 6 years term with a right for probation after 3 years , peaceful protesters are being jailed for 25 years for standing in the middle of street with a piece of paper in their hands  same for a  businessmen who go bankrupt and are being accused of fraud   httptop.rbc.ruincidents24082014944624.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1  .
[russia] maybe the us and its allies could have tried not encircling russia from three sides with nato bases and abm defenses in contravention of numerous postcold war treaties and understandings
[russia] the system is selfsustaining and if putin suddenly dissapear they will choose a successor like yeltsin  more precisely the family  did , and whoever he would be he would be successfully elected since propaganda and rigged elections are smoothly running mechanisms already .
[us] for example , a possible greek overreaction to turkish claims on greek islands or viceversa  but that was exactly what the guy i m talking about meant when he said   nobody  wants germany to become a normal state . . germany would have to provide for its own security . .  instead of being under the us nuclear umbrella
[us] george s. patton  the early face of  murica  herbert hoover  first he came to save lives with food , but now he s taking them .
[us] as outsized the us military is compared to the rest of natos , it is nt enough to dictate the foreign policy of all the european nato members .
[us] they ll drain the industries of france thanks to more competitive exports from a undervalued exchange rate and then hinder france from recovering by forcing the implementation of austerity without the benefit of fiscal transfers .
[russia] ofc this is  extremely oversimplified  , but russian economy is in deep shit and first signs of that development were seen even in 2013 before any ukrainian events .
[us] you would end up skipping over any chance of keeping a conflict conventional  limited to the baltics to one that s global  ends in wideranging nuclear holocaust .
[us] i get the feeling that this is to give the appearance of a democracy ,  but an overwhelming number of people support it so it s ok  .
[us] if i may pipe in here  i started working in the u.s. house shortly after the 2006 ethics rules were put in , which included a lot of the kind of transparency rules you re talking about .
[us] i m saying that trying to ethnically cleanse the jews , turks , and bulgarians from the disputed regions of macedonia , makes your ethical case incredibly difficult to argue .
[russia] because we re brainwashed zombies , banned on wikipedia and there is a certain lack of  the only correct pov on history  books in russia , right
[russia] even though i do nt consider poland a real country  or anything in space between germany and russia  i have to admit that poles are really most naive  or extremally dumb  people in the world if they really think that licking west boots will do them any good .
[us] not a peep about the thinktank study paid for by the austrian government  that  estimates that as many as 1,000,000 jobs could be lost   httpguengl.euuploadsplenaryfocuspdfassessttip.pdf
[russia] sorry , i have nt done anything like that , i once annexed the toy bear from my friend in the kindergarten and was slapped for that .
[us] anyway , i m getting offtopic , as it s different with spain , as in this scenario it d almost be like going in reverse .
[us] you can cherry pick shit i said all you want , but i honestly do nt think i was even attempting to say  or actually say  even a quarter of what you accuse me of saying .
[us] however it would only take one solar storm to cause dozens of solar meltdowns in its aftermath , look at the refs i just posted which have been downvoted to hide them .
[russia] i do nt know exact size of trailers they ve used in this convoy , but  this   httpwww.toptruck.rutrailers134869  looks pretty similar in size , give or take , and according to specs it has the volume of 60m  3 .
[russia] hundred  of unchecked trucks allowed a big group of abkhazian and chechen troops to sneak past defensive lines of georgians and cut off abkhazia s capital  soukhumi  from mainland georgia .
[russia] russia  , informational vacuum , rumors and news became indistinguishable  press secretary of putin  dismissed rumors about  40b stash his boss has in swiss banks   httptop.rbc.rupolitics20042014919195.shtml   note  there is massive wave of rumors about us promised in geneva to freeze putin s personal assets if russia will break the treaty  and that is why ukraine agreed to sign a deal which looks like obvious trap for them    foreign clients  withdraw 80  of their money   httptop.rbc.rueconomics14042014917637.shtml  from gazprombank , capital continue to escape from the country , for example yandex lost 30  of its value during 4 months   one of sanctioned government s officials  was invited and attended to celebration in paris   httptop.rbc.rupolitics14042014917925.shtml  despite sanctions against him    new icbm   httptop.rbc.rusociety14042014917796.shtml  was launched successfully    government declares the moon will be ours   httptop.rbc.rusociety14042014917796.shtml   there will be a landing 16 years later and followup colony construction .
[us] the name for the one way nature of the ftas is  ratchet  the name for the blockade which blocks any return to public services is  standstill  for example , gats has a standstill clause which you can actually read , here .
[us] you should hope that china s rise stops  that the chinese economy either flatlines , or grows very slowly in the future , and that the china threat never materializes .
[us] watch some shows highlighting minority groups in the us , or documentaries on appalachian , gullah , creole , native , mestizochicano , africanamerican , etc.
[russia] it s serious but it wo nt lead to new cold  war   just a couple  cold battles  maybe  because population of rufed is close to boiling point  it s obvious kremlin has nothing to offer to develop the country  only prayers for higher prices of oil and gas and invasions into nearby countries  , government s bankruptcy andor severe sanctions may spark explosion of separatism .
[us] i admire the swiss people and the country is breathtakingly beautiful  like , serious awesome  but i do nt know who they are fooling with their always ready to fight posture .
[russia] putin has lots of support among the less literate people and the guy probably knew what he was getting into when he wrote that message on his car .
[russia] russia is already paying a hefty price for its  adventures  and it will continue to do so with unknown , unpleasant , unavoidable consequences for time to come , such is life when you are as weak as current rufed is .
[russia] i do point out time and time again , that nothing appears in vacuum and things and relations develop over time between interested parties , what you are trying to do is to portray the world as a clearcut black and white picture , where one side is clearly in the wrong , because it did something .
[russia] perhaps if nato , eu , journalist did nt ignore conflicts in georgia and moldova  today they would nt look stupid when they call these warfare methods  novelty  .
[us] there is no streettostreet fighting and the government condemns the couple of people who attempt to assemble a resistance for fear of provoking a russian response .
[russia] i do nt even feel like giving you a lecture to explain why this is unrealistic idealism , especially since i m sure you know why it is unrealistic .
[us] at least romney would ve responded instead of treating the crimea like putin s rhineland and the donbass like his sudetenland , like obama has .
[us] so no more federal money for highways unless the feds pump alot of other tax funds into it or , you know , we actually raise the gas tax .
[russia] that was just a demonstration that it s incredibly silly to use such pairs of images  good one for one side , bad one for another side  as an argument in any discussion .
[us] and if it makes you feel any better african people are still a very small minority in europe and many african countries are beginning to see economic growth .
[us] but i think you  re seriously delusional if you underestimate it like you do and act like nothing really happened  btw  , it s spelled   renminbi
[us] in other words , why is the socalled polish corridor , which has been polish since 1919 and had an ethnic polish majority before that , the same as the  recovered territories  annexed in 1945
[russia] it helps that they too are their own republic within russia , and they have festivals such as  this   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiyhyakh  , and traditional culture is preserved as you can see  here   httprbth.commultimediapictures20131224awinterbeautyinthecoldestplaceonearth32523.html
[us] how wonderful would it have been , for example , had europe been able to fully deal with the tsunami in the philippines , with the us navy fully disengaged
[russia] or there was nt any killing and fsb is just lying to public  we can not know this for sure as there are no independent trustworthy media and reporters while authorities are corrupted beyond any comprehension .
[us] there are a million different types of bags going through every day , all with handles in different spots and identical bags can be way different in weight .
[russia] about svoboda   httpwww.vaadua.orgnewspravozashchitnikiosifziselsoevreyahisvobode   edited google translate    in practice , there are really some antisemitic elements in  svoboda  , and we monitor them more than 20 years , since the days when the party was still known as the socialnational party of ukraine .
[russia] interesting how it plays out , but i am tired of the western media insinuating that tatars there are given the treatment of jewish in the germany of the 1930s .
[us] did i not really only get to vote in 2012 because of a court ruling literally the night before the election to block a new voter id law
[us] it is a bit like the early years of the euro debacle , before mr draghi s whateverittakes pledge , when halfsolutions only fed the crisis .
[us] the attitude of only caring about eu to extract whatever benefits an individual country can get while complaining about any possible negatives dooms it to failure .
[us] anytime this topic comes up here it makes usa look like the united socialist states of america compared to the people in eu telling anyone that is poorer than them to go fuck themselves .
[us] when scotland was thinking about seceding i ca nt count the number of times that i talked to scottish people who justified their own secession , but absolutely condemned the idea of the shetlands exercising their own selfdetermination by leaving or choosing to stay with the united kingdom   also of note the shetlands sits ontop of much of that juicy oil   .
[us] just as the waves of privatization which swept eastern europe after the fall of communism served to vastly enrich oligarchs in many countries who were closely associated with organized crime , so the oligarchy in the western nations hopes to be enriched by this new wave of irreversible privatization based on the  most extreme parts   httpwww.wto.orgenglishresebookspeanalyticindexegats03e.htmcomm  of wtogats .
[russia] in other words ...  the eu needs nothing to do with ukraine ... association agreement lists plenty of things to do with ukraine that are certainly beneficial to eu .
[us] well , the us has no reason for people to be included in statistics like most countries in the eu do , so unemployment stats in the us are very inaccurate . .
[russia] the glorious ukrainian spetsnaz never recaptured any of them , because the very next day the  separatists  paraded all six vehicles , still  safely  in their possession .
[russia] the project was in development from october 2013 , and putin himself explained how important is that project on march 25   this document should cause wide public resonance , because culture belongs to all people and each person  .
[russia] could be nice to just escape from russian federation , before authorities will ask me to go to western front to fight against eurogay jew nazis in the name of our glorious leader .
[us] i doubt we would have lost unless you had been willing to simply blockade argentina and use your far superior submarine fleet to send a message ... you would have lsot .
[russia] right , it s like if you do nt socialize with anybody but young educated people you may do nt know in person any putin supporter .
[russia] if anything , russian military were holding guns to ukraine s head , figuratively speaking , because somehow the west did nt cared when ukraine back then in nineties scrapped the autonomy of crimea , ignored crimean referendums  the referendum of 2014 was  third  , ffs  and annexed sevastopol which never belonged to ukraine .
[us] and , even when my cousin spoke to them in italian  has lived in italy her whole life  , they d ask if we were americans .
[russia] us is nt trying to expand their territory by invading canada and mexico  even though they could use  protection of englishmen   reason  for canadian campaign .
[us] the term for the tort that is argued when a government regulates in the public interest and the corporations demand compensation for that  change  is  indirect expropriation  .
[us] so all branches get a say httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiappointmentandconfirmationtothesupremecourtoftheunitedstates  and at last  let former and current political leaders be watched so they wo nt make any shady deals .
[us] well it s just over generalizations so please do nt be offended , but i ve always though the english were a bit arrogant .
[us] in the sense that two different political parties have two completely different views on how a country should be ran ... see  democrats and republicans in the usa  the people who would like it to be a country oh , you mean  these people
[us] although france has cargo aircraft  and even kc135 strategic air refueling aircraft to move its equipment long distances  mobility support is exactly what france received from the us , along with intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance assistance .
[russia] i googled and was not able to find a single mention of these right sector badges before 20 april  for example , it was not mentioned that killed muzychko had any badge .
[us] since it did not hit the earth , though , and also since in 1859 , we only had its effect on the aurora and its effect on telegraph systems to estimate everything else from . . we do nt know anything even remotely as much as we would like .
[us] one thing which i heard about recently might be a good way to do it , you could use tubes , tiny , really tiny tubes .
[russia] i wonder why was that and why russian families had to leave in such a hurry leaving behind their homes , property or selling them for cents
[russia] the wife of one of the troopers started to pretend that her husband is alive , mourning post in her vk was replaced with post claiming that he is alive and well , nameplates on the graves were removed , journalists trying to visit the cemetery were attacked .
[russia] edit  one more variant        httpswww.google.comsearchqd0bcd0b8d188d0bad0b0d0bad0bed181d0bed0bbd0b0d0bfd18bd0b9d188d0bed0bad0bed0bbd0b0d0b4ampsafeoffampclientfirefoxaamphsx8lamprlsorg.mozillaenusofficialamptbmischamptbouampsourceunivampsaxampeieyputoelqnx4atlyydacqampved0ccqqsaqampbiw1461ampbih801    mishka kosolapyi  i do nt know how to translate second word which means  wrongly developed leg  or slang for a bearlike walk  .
[us] i dont know anything about actual shielding against emp , but its kind of interesting so i do think i want to read up more . .
[us] the colonies would nt of revolted if britain had given them the rights they deserved  i have no regrets about the union crushing the confederacy to keep america together .
[us] since it seems like you are interested , the us is also rolling out the new class of destroyers for the navy  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikizumwaltclassdestroyer stealthy and potentially equipped with railguns and lasers . . plus they look badass .
[us] i d have to say that the atrocities of stalin were equal to that of hitler , but trying to find a  winner  between them is ludicrous .
[us] it would be like a nuclear war because the price of food would increase by so many times that millions of children on the planet would die . .
[us] the u.s. is more of a navel and air force power anyway , we will never live to see fields of tanks facing each other in our lifetimes .
[us] its now well known that the drafters at that stage of these things intentionally made them difficult to understand to frustrate any attempt by the public from figuring out their agenda .
[us] when a politician wins over half the votes , the media does nt say they won with less than half the vote by counting people that do nt vote .
[us] the info page linked says     the lead boat is currently used only as a test vessel for testing various equipment , rather than for active duty .
[russia] to ask for an asylum i have to get out of russian federation first while crossing borders without any papers is a bit complicated thing to do .
[us] and the u.s. does seem to make diabetes the course of least resistance for the poor with the loweffort , affordable drinks and snacks .
[russia] but nope , hrw ignored all and every piece of evidence and blamed for this attack ua army   human rights watch investigation on the ground strongly indicates that ukrainian government forces were responsible for the attacks that occurred between july 12 and 21 .
[russia] 90,000 out of a population of 320,000  28.125  90,000 out of reykjavik  regional  population of 200,000  45  on a side note , i ca nt imagine it is easy to live in iceland .
[russia] obviously no one is going to reassess our rearmament programs , dozens of billions of  thrown into world cups ,  mega projects  by staterun companies and other  investments  .
[us] there is a difference between negotiating specific opt outs like the uk versus making and breaking rules you agreed to when you feel like it .
[us] when the israeli leadership realizes no help is coming , they nuke the enemy capitals , but at this point , the arabs just take the loss and refuse to stop .
[russia] if anything you should be terrified that the nazis of europe are fighting their own little personal war in the east , and should want to expose them all
[us] if europe  or rather nato  is really afraid of tensions with russia escalating into a real conflict , then they should work on solving any command chain and logistics issues standing in the way of making effective use of the  very generous  funding they re already receiving .
[russia] you are talking about them as if they all are recent first generation immigrants who came to rich mighty estonia in search of employment .
[us] basically , if the us does it one way , and europe does it a different way , then the us is automatically wrong .
[russia] suddenly , almost everyone has read the article and got inspired   with   by idea to create local republic with its own set of laws , bigger budget  less taxes for kremlin  , and maybe even local army  like in chechnya  .
[russia] here s   httpwww.reddit.comrpolitotacomments26v8qgd181d0b5d0b3d0bed0b4d0bdd18fd0bfd0bed18fd0b2d0b8d0bbd0bed181d18cd0bfd0bed0b4d182d0b2d0b5d180d0b6d0b4d0b5d0bdd0b8d0b5d182d0bed0bcd183d187d182d0bed0b2d181d0b5d182d0b8  a list of some russian media who already wrote about these revealings  some of them are blocked in russia though  , but i ca nt find any serious articles in english .
[russia] prorussians were moved in from other places  minivan had donetsk numbers , one identified person with a gun was a guard from zaporizhia , etc.
[russia] on proputinnationalist sites it probably will be hard to find a single person in comments who support the version that it was done by stalin .
[us] under the  us  defense production act of 1950 , as amended , the secretary of defense and the president have emergency planning authority to requisition essential supplies .
[russia] all stores and cafes work , citizens work , studying in a universities , getting married , getting divorced and dying in one s bed .
[russia] thing is in most cases local food manufacturers partially belong to corrupted bureaucrats  so it look like the state simply removed its foreign competitors to substantially boost income of bureaucrats .
[russia] they know how they got into power , and they know that to stop they need to be attacking new movements similar to their what their own was , with military force .
[russia] make sure to have someone filming  preferably from a discrete , hidden position  who will then put it up on youtube for our entertainment .
[us] i read an article not that long ago that stated germany s military exists in name only due to all the long past due maintenance that keeps most of the hardware offline .
[us] nato in turn , knows that the russian show of force is mostly show and it should not overreact in any manner that may tip actual capabilities , which in turn allows nato to assess the performance of each of their members in actual confrontations , though lowlevel as they may be .
[us] though i ve never been to southern croatia  such as dubrovnik  , there are plenty of regional , village , and island specific dialects that any  native  croatserbbosniak would have trouble comprehending .
[us] this is useful , worth saving and keeping in order to understand these fta schedules . . httpwww.normangirvan.infowpcontentuploads200911kelsey1howtoreadaschedule1.pdf bear in mind , its both old , and its about another fta . . however , its an fta gats , which ttip explicitly refers to .
[us] saddam was regularly trying to make things difficult on weapons inspectors and would fire on planes in the no fly zone he agreed to.of course it was nt anywhere close to the threat being put forth by bush though .
[russia] it s neither neutral nor correct   rebels  arrived from a foreign country , controlled by a foreign country , armed by a foreign country , oh yeah  .
[russia] i think its better than blowing up schools , capturing musical theaters , bombing metro s and train stations , bus routes and all the other wonderful things that these people were engaged in .
[us] it s just as fucked up as if i put on a scottish flag and started railing against independence , or if i used a catalonian flag to fiercely stress the importance of spanish integrity .
[us] despite an extremely underutilized labor force , approximately 27 percent of job vacancies created each year in the major european economies go unfilled because of a lack of appropriately skilled applicants .
[us] we have so many advantages  for example , size of population , one language throughout all 50 states , relative ease of moving from one part of the us for a job to another  its not even worth mentioning .
[russia] from the point of view of western public that is predominantly represented here , the difference between russia , russian government and russians is indistinguishable .
[us] claiming that pointing out how europe has fucked over and benefits from africa is somehow support for mugabe by extension is fucking insanity as well .
[us] that goes to the 170,000 croats and nonserbs forced out of their homes in serbia krajina as i stated in a previous reply to you .
[russia] he lamented the fact that turkey has put up with europe s condescending attitude for years , allowing itself to be used and burdened .
[russia] what if you were to create something like a political tv show with 2 opposing viewpoints being presented by a number of experts and counterarguments for each other
[russia] on the other hand ukraine showed that you can takeover the corrupted state without a massive disasters , we surely have china which can play like russia did in ukrainian conflict but i hope they have no territorial claims after putin gave them thousands km  2 worth of islands they were asking for for a century .
[russia] if the ethnic polish of ukraine started a separatist movement of their own , poles would cross the border of their own free will to help them .
[russia] also , ukraine has its own big military industry that is able to produce a lot of stuff from sniper rifles to tanks , there were a lot of time to revive it  i see some steps in this direction , e.g.
[us] thats good but at the same time ,  i can not overestimate how much the health care situation in the us is keeping americans who would like to return home , away .
[us] the only reason they ve managed to stay there is because of germany s staunch refusal to consider fiscal transfers to help bolster southern industries  economies while being adamant about the implementation of austerity , thus basically keeping the south on their knees  killing any hope of a sustainable recovery .
[russia] 5  unemployment sounds great on paper , but i m afraid that its sort a like germanamerican statistics , semitruth with shades of gray , part time jobs , part of madeup numbers .
[russia] to compare  during 2008 crisis economy lost  90b euro   progovernment organization  some call them  putlerjugend    displayed giant banner with list of  fifth column activists  in moscow   httpgrani.rupoliticsrussiam.228750.html  .
[russia] this government does nt react to citizens  initiatives in timely manner until material damage is done  be it riotspogroms or terrorist acts  and certain people see these methods as the only way to change anything in this country .
[us] do nt really have any idea where pop music is these days but it seems like they ve gone completely off the deep end .
[us] now lets flip the situation , you  assuming you re from europe  are prejudiced agains because you are nt one of the group ... not being one of us is nt a logical reason pre judge someone
[russia] but you need to be either blind or completely brainwashed by the western media if you believe that maidan consists of freedomloving peaceful protesters who will bring prosperity to ukraine .
[russia] we are nt welloff like the western oecd nations , every increase in the bread , meat , gas , electricity prices  all of this is a very real problem for us .
[russia] second , about stalingrad what he said is that according to russian laws , it must be decided by the people living in the city .
[russia] i m  afraid  dear leader will remove migrants from the country so muscovites will have to work as low wage workers themselves  it may actually kill the economy because  10 millions foreign migrants are  20  of work force  .
[us] or were , at least  isis does nt need much money now that they re raking in hundreds of millions from illicit oil revenue and taxes in iraq and syria .
[russia] i distanced myself from the conflict several months ago , due to immense amount of propaganda and lies from both sides , so no  i am not justifying anything or anyone .
[russia] brief history in checnya after fall of ussr   all xssr  like belarus ssr , ukraine ssr etc  hold a referendum and decide to quit ussr .
[russia] these people know that they are criminals and if something would go wrong  lost control  they would flee from russia with all their capitals to avoid retribution .
[russia] it s not a line of reasoning , it s a link to the wikipedia s article that does nt support any absurd claims you made .
[us] your complaint specifically was an attack on usa which is utter bullshit considering your complaints have everything to do with europeans and their desire to hate military spending .
[us] the good news for germany is that its more active international allies like britain , france and the usa are used to its habit of overpromising and underdelivering .
[us] but , a lot of things are made of the us system , and i m honestly not intending to start a circlejerk here   people get a worthless degree .
[us] hitler tried to copy italian fascism , but the most odious component , his racial theories that led to the holocaust , were his own .
[us] well that or their opponent responds with their own tactical nukes   the potential of which can also act as a deterrent in itself   , and russia responds back , and then so on  so on until the icbms are launched and we re all facing nuclear holocaust .
[russia] however i think police officer may lie about imitation of heart attack  there is high chance they just left the guy unattended and are trying to cover their arses with heart attack story .
[us] oh , in mine it was that if you do nt finish everything you ca nt get up from the table , so for about a month the teacher and i had a standoff .
[russia] i am pretty tired and drunk right now , so i ca nt provide immediate examples  nor do i store them in an attempt to expose  western lies and hypocrisy   , i will try to dig up some stuff tomorrow .
[us] uga is a fine school but there is still a bit of a  dying  negative stigma of going to a public school instead of private .
[us] edit  china also backed russia by refusing to ensure their actions in ukraine and raping them on a trade deal after russia was desperate to look like they could get by fine without eu .
[russia] they could be a joint venture between estonia and latvia to push their agenda and ideology to russian speakers , both in the baltics and russia proper .
[us] i would nt say they hated germans , but they vowed never to buy anything from germany , and my grandfather got very upset when his brother bought a mecedes .
[us] also , i was born in the south but both of my parents were from the north and only 1 branch of my family tree were even in the us for the civil war .
[russia] the rest of the world will be screwed because we have the biggest amount of nuclear weapons , and , should the federation fall , some will almost certainly fall into radical hands
[us] do nt look at me as a person with a opinion , disregard my opinion entirely because i m american  mock me for being american .
[russia] so , russia s government heavily relies on nationalism for support , and in a way , the west s actions over the past 20 years are responsible for the presence of such nationalism .
[russia] it s a parody of us officials  statements about russia  the first sentence , for example , is a reference to john kerry   you just do nt in the 21st century behave in 19th century fashion by invading another country
[russia] say what you will about belarus and russia , but according to  the economist  data , they were the only two nonbaltic republics of the former ussr that actually improved in gdp .
[russia] read  the blog   httpbelbek62.com.uanovostikaketoproiskhodit.html  of belbek military base  the military base that was stormed yesterday  translation from  there   httpwww.reddit.comrworldnewscomments212v7iexplosionsandshotsheardasrussianforcescg9f2oe  by  u87percentkat  edited google translate     after nearly a month , comes the realization that the most dangerous enemy is not even russian troops .
[russia] yeah , and russians do nt make themselves victims because of stalin either , so i think certain other countries should follow the german and russian example and get over it .
[us] apparently german owners of a hotel in utah told him there was no room there after he made a reservation months ago , and they were very rude to him .
[us] most italians you encounter on the street are poor at english , so it would explain why a c1 level english speaker would be viewed as a native english speaker .
[russia] while for most of you , it s actually the same thing , it is not for me and i m gon na try to explain myself using this particular case .
[russia] if you wanted to be russia s ally you would nt have sent in armies of investors and politicians to pilfer russian industries of their capital , under the guise of guidance via shock therapy .
[russia] this might be true in some villages , but our population boom happened in the 20th century when ussr encouraged geographical mobility , so town denizens generally come from all over the country , not from the local villages .
[us] are the powers that be abandoning the people of our own countries futures  perhaps trading them for the quite unpredictable gamble of access as a local to asia and africa where they see more growth
[russia] become a parrot and repeat every day in media how you value their opinion , how you will respect their choice , how you want for all of ukraine to succeed and then  maybe  you will have a chance to preserve united ukraine .
[us] but i learned quickly there was no point in going into a long and sourced debate in response to  dae think precedential law systems are literally hitler
[russia] both sides were asked to withdraw troops as far as possible from front line  to give up spare parts of artillery which would prevent its usage .
[us] tl  dr germany is using it s influence to help weaken  drain much of the eurozone to it s own benefit , america came out of the recession in 2009  recovered all the ground it lost by 2012 , the eurozone on the other hand had a doubledip recession which it only came out of last year and it s still is faced with stagnant growth while being on the verge of deflation  what the fuck are you talking about
[us] it is critical that eu lawmakers have access to the best representation of wideranging and transparent scientific advice to carry out their work  asking one single person to secretly determine what science  is  on a subject is a grave mistake .
[us] on the plus side , british trains are still more punctual than amtrak  though that s mostly just because they do nt give freight trains constant priority over passenger trains  .
[russia] for example , of the 37 deputies of the verkhovna rada of the party  svoboda  only six or seven people in the 20 years indulged in antisemitic statements .
[russia] 22  the munich agreement that followed  23  marked a partial german annexation of czechoslovakia in late 1938 followed by its complete dissolution in march 1939 ,  24  which as part of the appeasement of germany conducted by chamberlain s and daladier s cabinets .
[russia] for instance , in moscow , dozen or more attacks are happening daily , everyone has a chance here to be beaten up regardless of a skin color .
[russia] it s like you people have forgotten what terrorism actually means , and now are just using it as a label for people you do nt like right now .
[russia] i do nt connect how this list of events and sources leads to russia s willingness for a big war see  u3dom s previous news compilations , he loves to add tabloid style summary before the news , in sarcastic way .
[russia] there is no profit now in being a ukrainian citizen , i would nt be surprised if the east starts eyeing union with russia in a year or two as ukraine is ravaged by the strict  though necessary  imf bailout terms .
[russia] i am not sure i have a favourite dessert , i have a nondiscriminating sweet tooth , but if you want something wheatfree , i can recommend  kisel   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikikissel  , a sweet and sour fruit drink thickened with starch .
[russia] i do nt know a lot about 94 , but zhirinovsky won the parliamentary elections in russia during that period , so it was a different era of crazy .
[us] they used to be a super power and now they came even build their own military hardware while being the largest country in the world .
[russia] edit  more on putin s foreign policy  httpimgur.comavdsgu this kind of thing titled  i think this is the reason for useu sanctions  gets upvoted in  rrussia .
[us] by establishing the principle that u.s. corporations could relocate production elsewhere and sell back into the united states , nafta undercut the bargaining power of american workers , which had driven the expansion of the middle class since the end of world war ii .
[russia] i was mostly referring to preukraine situation , after yanukovychcrimea i think our policies has gone off the rails and  the ball got rolling   launched by russian propaganda and ukrainians acting as retards , sorry if it offends someone its just my view on those events  .
[us] go tell the ukrainians in  reurope how they have been brainwashed by cia into hating the country that invaded them for daring to want to trade with eu which russia does in massive quantities .
[us] this was part of hungary through a personal union , but it was semiindependent , and not really considered part of the  core  kingdom .
[russia] if elections do not mirror their own strict ideological and politicaleconomic goals , they ll often just assassinate the elected official or topple that government .
[us] maybe only 20  of the israeli population has been killed  10  of the jewish population worldwide  , but the israeli polity has been utterly destroyed , and there is no hope of it being militarily liberated , at least in the near future .
[us] the way i see it is , after having lived in europe for five years , europe is in trouble and europeans seem to want to deny it away and just put faith in the eu .
[us] as  buckboost  converters become more and more efficient ,  some are far more efficient than the traditional hv transformers  some localized disadvantages of dc systems in the past seem to be vanishing .
[russia] well , being stalin and making decisions on behalf of one side of the most brutal war in human history he decided it like that .
[us] i get that you are trying to disparage the us and the waiters who work at shitty restaurants , but nobody sees being a waiter as a career unless you are at a topflight restaurant or a restaurant manager .
[russia] the simplicity will always win over context providing , because people do nt like to read a lot  myself included   russia  bad , is easy to understand , has plenty of historical datacontext to back that up ,  extremely widespread  view in eastern europe and many , many other reasons why it is welcomed with open arms .
[russia] also , i m just curious why all the good thing we did it was soviet s merit while all the bad things attributed to russians .
[russia] please give me an evaluation about soviet union being unrecognized until 1933 by united states for example and you can read about molotovribbentrop pact in last paragraph here httpshistory.state.govmilestones19211936ussr please give an evaluation on poland position on regional security and their  stance of movement of troops  for regional stability .
[russia] it s already obvious that you ca nt explain anything in your amazing theory about  russians being more aryan than slavic  without making more and more hilariously ignorant statements , so  fuck you  is probably the most compelling argument you can still make .
[russia] you jump to the defensive , likening me to a nazi sympathizer and immediately deny any and all possibilities that life in the ussr was nt all that bad .
[russia] what i am looking at is raiding pension funds , raise of taxes , censorship , desire to spent reserve funds and a general lack of strategical thinking on any level .
[us] in europe there are literally dozens of small armies i really wish that more europeans would realize this instead of trotting out the  but on paper we spend  x  more than russia total
[us] a large percentage of those democrats basically give full support to the philosophy of senator elizabeth warren , and i do nt see much difference from her position and that of the average european .
[russia] he is generally perceived as some sort of a court jester , but he have a very important role  he s the leader of one of a few parties which are allowed to exist  real opposition parties are denied to register for years and are sabotaged on all levels by state officials  and it is a spoiler party  like all parties in duma but united russia  which supports putin in every single relevant issue but makes very different media image to attract marginal voters  generally uneducated , nationalistic  .
[russia] russian  clone  of reddit is no better , but at least here we have a russian subreddit ,  oh wait it s pretty much overtaken by literally putler people .
[russia] here is  shenderovich s relatively calm article   httpej.ruanoteampid24384  which cost 20k euro to publish in russia    minister of communications also plagiarized his dissertation   httptop.rbc.rupolitics07042014916241.shtml   just 3 years ago , it looks like this government does not have a single honest person   fsb  declared terrorist doku umarov dead   httptop.rbc.ruincidents08042014916395.shtml   they are not sure how did it happen , when did he die  probably in december   just with ukraine , us , eu as enemies they do nt need to use umarov anymore to scare russians   government official  shuvalov  is demanding  russian  companies  such as yandex , rusal , vimpelcombeeline , mail.ru , uaz , etc.
[us] however , the average american has no idea turkey is a nato ally , and probably thinks it is somewhere between iran and terroristan .
[russia] upa foughtexterminated those they viewed as a threat to independent ukrainian state  poles and russians  , and with a good reason to think so , see 19171920 .
[russia] i mean , i read it all , i subscribe to  the economist  , i read bbc every day and i live in the states now so i read or watch assorted us newspapersprogrammes .
[russia] this is not so different from the russian revolution of 1917 , a lot of the revolutionaries truly wanted a better life and a better country , but the results were terrible .
[us] despite attempts to  freeze  or roll back standards in ftas . . they are generally rising , and its for a reason , our knowledge of how important many things are and how interconnected the world is , is rising .
[us] he was talking about europe though , it s ok . look , i used to be guilty of this myself , but we have too many canadians and americans expressing views on places other than europe .
[russia] overall , its not that it was impossible to predict such outcome given the media pumping of population minds and hostile actions from russia and to a lesser extent ukraine  you guys were  mostly  talk , it was nothing new really , so i have no idea why the change of heart and such radical actions from our side  .
[us] usa has run deficits almost every single year and has had debt i think almost every single year but one going back to pre industrial times .
[russia] flair does not give an immediate prove that the person who is speaking is in fact knows what he is talking about or has any sort of  insider knowledge  of situation inside russia .
[us] i would absolutely not even want my worst enemy to be forced to move any closer to what we have here in the us , which is a major disaster for everybody except the politicolobbying complex .
[russia] yeah , the do it all the time intentionally shelling residential areas with mortars and grads to put the blame on ukrainian army and win international sympathy .
[us] buy it , buy the land , so its not a land grab  the world can create a new country , or a string of new countries , hopefully ones which are not corrupt .
[us] now we should at least send in special forces to assist local forces  carry out a air campaign to breakup  paralyze isis as best we can , since in my opinion , as shitty as it is , a bunch of splintered extremist militants shooting each other is better than the huge theocratic extremist state we re faced with now .
[us] a rough estimate  that obviously does nt work for extreme cases  , is that if you x  of your body was burnt , then you have a 1x chance of survival .
[us] you can accuse americans of being dumb all you want here and nobody will bat an eye , but when an american company outinnovated your entire industry suddenly it s because nokia was used to  smart people  using their phones .
[us] yea , i think i should have avoided the word recession and instead just said that the uk has had a slower recovery , since slow growth is still growth .
[russia] i dont have a particular opinion but offenders including sexual offenders , even gordon gekko should have the right to be forgotten and not to be remember to start a new life .
[russia] if someone kills 100 people it should be fairly easy to give at least some kind of explanation apart from  hurr , durr , they did it   .
[russia] russia has been shooting artillery into ukraine with visual proof visual proof provided by the same agency that provided visual proof of wmd in iraq
[russia] they were also a sick man of asia , suffering from legacy of opium wars , colonization and all the  wonderful  things that happen to them during their 100 years of shame .
[us] there does nt seem to be any kind of fairness across the board and it seems like big chunks of the country do nt even want to belong in the first place .
[russia] reversed in what way  if protesters decided runaway to russia from yanukovich or if ukraine decided to annex belgorod when there was unrest in russia
[russia] i m more liberal than 90  of this sub and you included , apparently being gay and part of srs is still enough to get you called a nazi .
[russia] brother   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett0118767    brother 2   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett0238883reffnaltt1  both have historically accurate depiction of the country and most popular beliefs of population  lifestyle in early and late 90s .
[us] well ... ... ... ... they were pretty supported by the soviet union , they had a lot of communist factions fighting with them , and looked and what great democracies sprung up in eastern europe after wwii .
[us] actually , in 2014 the limit on additional  in addition to premiums  out of pocket  oop  costs for some people in aca plans  usually limited to  6200 for individuals and  12600 for families  can instead be twice that  be  12000 and for some families  24000 if certain circumstances apply . .  oop charges are mostly doctor co pays , drug costs . . and allowed charges for any procedures in hospitals and other providers  out of network charges are different and there is no limit on them  see httpwww.nationalhealthcouncil.orgnhcfilespdffilesnhcmoopletter.pdf also now some allowed plans from large employers are exempted and  do nt cover any hospital care at all .
[russia] tl  dr to yours  ukraine is in western sphere of influence now , russia can go fuck itself and can not protect its national interestsbackyard because it is too weak .
[us] cool  i know i can come off as a dick sometimes , i do nt mean it , i just have nt been home in  far  too long is all . . do nt worry about that quatsch i said , whatever it was in the first place
[us] none of the organizations are going to try  kick them out , nor will they consider them to  not  be the united kingdom of the past in legal terms scotland wo nt .
[russia] all told , a conservative estimate of value transferred from the third world to the imperialist core in 2009 from unequal exchange in trade , capital export , and debt peonage is about  6.5 trillion .
[us] although that makes sense because i ve heard many complain about france trying to complain about austerity when they were nt doing it to the extent that southern europe and ireland was .
[us] it saddens me to know that other americans do not wish to visit all that much , though judging by the loud and insensitive tourists we often export , that may not be a such bad thing .
[us] not sure about your laws but here in the states we still lock up men who diddle kids even if they do nt actually  fuck  them .
[russia] wiping ssds is nt very simple as well as good ssd controllers randomly remap virtual sectors to phisical ones instead of immediate rewrite to make them wear off evenly , you ca nt reliably overwrite data on ssd without accounting for that .
[us] it happened a few times when i was working in the restaurant industry to my coworkers who were mexican  which was about half of the staff  .
[us] what happened to you england , you used to be cool we here in the us have had a similar bad run of  politicians  .
[us] they purchased  128 mark 2a4s from germany , will buy 128 more mark 2a5s   httpwww.defenseindustrydaily.combuyfromtheprospolandaddsmoregermantanks019466  and is looking into buying french air defense systems , european meteor airtoair missiles , and eurofighter typhoons  which would replace planned purchases of f16s  also looking at f35s  .
[us] the german greens know one thing you do nt and that is that we could easily be thrust tomorrow into an  unspeakable disaster of dozens of simultaneous nuclear meltdowns   httpswww.nirs.orgreactorwatchnatureandnukespetrulemaking262011.pdf  if we get another solar storm like the  carrington  one in 1859 .
[russia] apparently some of authors from the photo have their audience thanks to 24  7 tv propaganda but still , the good books are more popular and much more numerous .
[us] if you can not read it , it is not my problem  even if i could nt read german , i know how to find google translate .
[us] no doubt in my mind that there s a swedish ssk parked outside the archipelago waiting for the russian sub to exit , if for no other reason than to confirm that it s there .
[russia] you try to do anything beyond family barn  you ll get police , medics , attorney general , certification committees , emergency services , tax police extorting money from you in advance before you got any income .
[us] you often see commercials for the bahamas or other caribbean destinations , but i think portugal could sell itself well as an  economical  european getaway , since it seems to be somewhat cheaper there than some other countries .
[us] this concern is echoed by dean baker who notes that ... ... there are reasons to believe the growth effect could go in the opposite direction .
[russia] this article says it all httpwww.spiegel.deinternationalworldpressuremountsformoreaggressivestanceagainstrussiaa989216.html  later , in a telephone conversation with merkel , putin demanded a unilateral ceasefire , which the chancellor then pushed for in kiev .
[russia] russia has a population of 146 million people , 300001460000  0,02  of population actively participated in the conflict  and this is extremely generous , borderline  ukraine level of estimates   .
[russia] there are things that i would like to see as a russian living in russia , but this has nothing to do with being european from europe .
[russia] well , lets see  confiscating accumulative part of our pension funds for 2nd year in a row is a done deal , we are being cut off from international finance markets bit by bit , denied or soon to be denied access to technological knowhow in energy sphere  cripples future growth  , every single state owned company wants to raid our reserve funds in one way or another and every single one of them is talking about billions or dozens on billions of    .
[russia] i repeat , it is either georgia continues to  calm  this region for years and years  caucasian people are generally very stubborn , some abkhazians being muslims does not help that at all  , or russia invades and stops that madness with superior force .
[russia] of course , she puts much value upon life of any human being , regardless of nationality , sexual behavior or a type of drug addiction .
[us] there are countries that have oceans between china that do more trade with them versus the largest country on the planet that also shares a land border with china as well .
[russia] you should take some time out of your busy life to , you know , learn something about the social habits and etiquette codes of your new compadres .
[russia] precrash  attempts of italian government to initiate this process    we will have  permanent winter time   httptop.rbc.rusociety22072014938072.shtml  soon  now it s permanent summer time without switches    18 wounded ukrainian officers has  returned to ukraine from hospital in russian rostovondon   httpfraza.uanews23.07.1420203718ranenyhukrainskihvoennyhizrfvozvraschajutsjanarodinu.html  .
[russia] as such , it would be surprising if russian military dead in ukraine was to be over 100 , and impossible for the figure to even approach 500 .
[us] who are you to lecture to people of occupied countries about what discrimination is from the comfort of western europe and have the gall to compare it to usa  occupying  europe
[us] you probably could have made that argument before russia lost it s mind , but it d be a hard argument to make now .
[us] this means that germany is endangering the success of the antipiracy mission off the horn of africa in which those helicopters should be taking part .
[russia] i wonder why would a canadian take such a strong proalbanian stance if he did nt have his views skewed by being from the region , originally .
[russia] do nt try to argue with people on this sub , they re really liberal and ca nt accept the negative consequences of letting every illegal immigrant become a citizen
[russia] they need to replace su25 with mig29 or su27 in their lie  it would look a bit less ridiculous , and they changed their lie so many times that nobody would bat an eye .
[us] nobody could work , because there was no electricity , so people hung out and talked or played cards or walked around to visit their friends .
[russia] and alaska is nt a wasteland  there is a lot of natural resources afaik  and that s besides control over strategic bering strait which could be russian monopoly .
[us] many europeans would then want to move to northern africa , which would be  as it was a few thousand years ago  6000  much much wetter .
[us] it s more common for something like a starbucks or a fast food shop to open at 6 am and close at 10pm or some other late hour .
[us] note  in the us the word  access  is a code word for  being offered  as in you can buy this if you can afford it .
[russia] in russia , we call them    because right before presidential elections in 2012 those who had been hired by united russia party got paid fifteen rubles per post .
[us] so . . the selection of food in the us is  atrocious  if one ca nt easily find the most obscure  and expensive   niche  european food product
[russia] it was originally announced that russia will biuld a bridge to crimea , but appatently we have no technology and resources to do that in short time .
[russia] shit was pretty horrible , there are plenty of people around who remember it all too well and the promises that were given and  never delivered upon  .
[us] httpbuchanan.orgblogneoisolationismsoaring6093  with that said , you also seem to be advocating the most extreme form of neoisolationism , which is allowing genocides to occur based on a philosophical belief that if such things as genocides occur in a country ,  such as in rwanda , or for that matter , the khmer rouge  it is ultimately for the good of the country itself .
[russia] which is why i questioned putins actions as soon as crimea was announced and wondered why are we completely ruining our relations with ukraine and europe for decades to come .
[us] i am simply saying whatever situation comes up politically , there is no excuse to have access to an infinite amount of information and think literally all of it is a lie unless it comes direct from kremlin .
[us] you can reprocess the fuel to reduce the amount that needs to be buried , but yes , ultimately something is going to need to be put somewhere untouched for thousands of years .
[russia] russian people suffer so much and its such a shame what they must endure    psssst , if you are like oligarch or government official who stole billions , you can totally buy our super expensive property , million dollar watches and yachts and park your illegal money in our banks and tax havens .
[us] do you not know that thanks to our history of industrialscale slavery and our more recent history of institutionalized racism and crappy social policies , we have an impoverished black underclass with rates of violence and other criminality that make roma look like fucking angels .
[russia] holy shitball generalisations , why do nt you stick to reenacting ss with their rest of your airsoft buddies instead of posting purportedly factual statements about actual history ...
[us] kk , i ll mark native american on my next college application and when they ask me why i ll say i  feel  native american .
[russia] because of cold war split and a somewhat competing ideologies it was essential to keep those buffer states between mainland ussr and western world , we fought via proxies mainly .
[us] sooooo ... you think that when the pla s general staff wargames a possible conflict in the western pacific , they do nt go  so what if france sends warshipswarplanes to help the americansjapaneseaustralians
[russia] though liberals like that kind of thing if pussy riot are anything to go by so i can see why some might enjoy it .
[us] the objective is a sheer wall of white noise forcing quarterbacks to yell very close up to their teammates , wasting valuable seconds of the playclock potentially leading to a delay of game penalty or a false start .
[us] and finally , you should hope that the american economy continues to flourish , so we have the wealth to generate the military forces that can  stay  here in europe and act as a pacifier .
[russia] en     httpwww.bbc.comnewsworldeurope29445378   just days after making a massive oil discovery in the russian arctic over the weekend , exxon mobil will be pulling out of the joint project with rosneft due to western sanctions .
[us] reagan literally fired all of the striking pilots , replacing them with military pilots and whatnot , and banned them from federal service for life ... ouch .
[us] the uk still keeps at least one ssbn on patrol at any given time , and i doubt anyone in hmg s seriously thinks a nuclear attack is imminent .
[russia] and i can easily point to quotes from eu citizens who state that russia must be dismembered , destroyed or incinerated in the nuclear fires of hell .
[us] sorry , but your military is sufficiently unreliable at this point we do nt want to see a patriot missile battery in rebel hands .
[us] this could explain his lack of being upset or , conversely , pt could simply be using the worst video they could get to sway opinions .
[russia] over those 11 minutes or more he was fighting for breath , and i could see both of his fists were clenched the entire time ,  wrote father lawrence hummer , the catholic priest who gave mcguire his last rites and witnessed the execution .
[us] yeah , already bad enough that they made bullshit assault bans and force you to sell it out of the state or give it to state .
[us] i just meant to say germany was definitely preparing to fight european powers , but absolutely 100  it was nt because germany is evil and fucked over all of europe .
[russia] you was referring to your ass  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofcountriesbylifeexpectancy rank  country  age      124  russia  70.5 nothing good , of course , comparing to , say , japan .
[russia] it s also weird that volgograd region with 3 major terrorist attacs  commited by dagestanis  in target time period colored average tension while for example samara region with some minor events is high tension .
[us] this is how a lot of europeans feel , when they say they want the us to   come home    httpwww.dartmouth.edudpressdocspresscomehomeamericais.pdf  and that s how  many americans   httpwww.nytimes.com20130305opinioncomehomeamerica.htmlpagewantedallampr0  feel as well , who believe the us should retrench .
[russia] quick question , if this is not okay , then why is there no problem with ukrainian shell landing in russia and killing a civilian
[us] i imagine setting up free travel between anglo countrys like the eu would be a plus , like a citizen of america is a citizen of uk and vice versa .
[russia] moldova can get all the agreements they want with , say , purple unicorns from jupiter , because , well , russia does nt have any business with said unicorns .
[russia] i guess it s time to ask vladdyboy for a ps4 since he s being all generous , or else i ll join the eu and nato and deploy a missile shield on my dacha .
[us] the real worst case scenario is that this leads to a nuclear exchange between russia and america , which is nt really going to end well for anyone .
[us] would it kill european countries to make a small exception for perhaps a couple hundred births a year for a religious minority that they have spent the last two millennia persecuting
[russia] it is amusing how the west was totally ok with russia of 1990s breaking apart , how it was ok when nobody asked crimeans do they want to  leave  russia and also ok for ukrainian army to force crimeans to stay in ukraine and for ukrainian government to force changes in the constitution of autonomous republic of crimea , but it is totally not ok for , you know , current events and all .
[us] like raising the minimum wage  or giving miners in a very dangerous mine a raise , or how about protecting their nation s water supply from potential fouling . .  which happened to the neighboring country already  how about making a decision to back off of nuclear energy after an accident in a neighboring country created a problem with radioactivity that made some wild animals which had been hunted previously , already unsafe to eat , and after fukushima , the solar issue emerged which made it clear there was a global risk presented by solar storms which could cause a great many global radioactive meltdowns at the same time .
[us] simply losing power , without meltdowns , would lead to mass global chaos , mass starvation , and great loss of life , especially children and old people , but , like wwii it could be recovered from in 30 or 40 years .
[russia] i never denied any of that , but this does not change the fact that whenever there is a  consensus  in west  everyone repeats the same shit over and over again , like a parrot , now russian media is up to your standards  journalism is dead , repeating official version of events is the way to go .
[russia] i will agree on the part that russia has  played the game  and wanted to avoid dealing with relying on countries like poland and ukraine for transit of materials , but this is just geopolitics and desire to get more  for products that you supply .
[russia] ukraine took a different political course and the successive ineffective and corrupt governments made the people distrust the government and get used to overthrowing or electing new ones .
[russia] everyone knew they were coming and if freezing assets and property of wealthy oligarchs abroad would bring these money back  i am all for it
[russia] my father spent the 90s in ukraine as did i when i was a kid , his best friend was gay and was murdered , contrast this to his experience in the soviet army during the late 70s , early 80s when he remarked that there were openly gay couples in his barracks who literally had sex there in the nights .
[russia] military experience in the two chechen wars and then the georgian war was invaluable , it exposed many weaknesses that putin was quick to recognise along with the more reformminded generals .
[russia] well , with the  convenient wisdom  in the west being that prokiev intentions are full of freedom and europe and flowers and prorussian thoughts are just brainwashed zombies  suuure .
[us] iceland s police are nt allowed to use violence , unless first agreed by the community police in all democratic countries get the authority from the community to use force .
[us] here is the leaked tisa chapter   httpswikileaks.orgtisafinancial   just one  financial services of probably dozens of chapters in tisa which is even more secret than ttip and tpp because its going to globally trade people and jobs like any other commodity .
[russia] there were 2 options  1  become part of russia 2  remain part of ukraine , but as an autonomy while it s questionable that a third option was nt included  that maintains status quo  , it s quite far from  no option to not be part of russia  that ukrainian internet warriors are so hysterical about .
[russia] that would be easier to say about some random guy on the street , but you realise that you re claiming greater expertise here than semchenko , one of the key players in the ukrainian resistance to russian occupation and russianfunded rebels
[us] hell the definition of who was white and who not was still fluid up until a few decades ago and even now is undergoing changes with how it s being adapted to include  or exclude  people .
[us] and no one will ever think i m a crazy evil nationalist when i say where i m from p until you start waving a german flag around and making people really nervous .
[us] the bottom line is that all of our nations are fairly dysfunctional and irresponsible when it comes to some real world issues like this .
[us] but we  americans  circumcised hardly feel shame , because not having your dick cut is the  weird  version and certainly no one thinks circumcision is  mutilating  any more than cutting the umbilical cord is .
[russia] i guess that was nt the last terrorist act since fsb can not do shit about them  they knew who was the woman  a friend of the woman who exploded in a bus few months ago  and could nt prevent her doing that .
[russia] hey , guys , maybe you like should nt do this stuff , there is no proof of this and it might turn bad ... no
[us] i do , however , believe that the us  along with its nato allies , such as france and germany  should be doing what they are doing regarding isis .
[russia] the agreement was indeed officially nullified by russia first , as i checked after you pointed out , because russia wants its money back  it is demanding it now  .
[russia] this is not exactly a scenario in which 2 people calls for cat  kitty , kitty , kitty  , this is all sorts of cheating and tricks .
[russia] in samara region which is on west and south here were  3400 ferugees a month ago with quota of up to 5000 in 2014   httpwww.vninform.ruarticle310210.html  .
[us] i mean , you have nt said anything  remotely  close to fighting words , i do nt even know where you get that idea from
[us] we americans have been lied to so much that 99  dont even know about ftas , dont think isds could possibly exist when its explained to them ,  because it would be unconstitutional , is the common answer  of course they have never heard of ttip , or tisa or gats  they may have heard some vague things about tpp and copyrights  but the most outragous way ttip has been hid is with blatant lies  millions now  have been misled into thinking that single payer health care is right around the corner after obamacare
[us] this is interesting     assessment of nafta s impact on us manufacturing jobs   httpwww.epi.orgblognaftasimpactworkers  . .      nafta s impact on u.s. workers   httpwww.epi.orgblognaftasimpactworkers     the north american free trade agreement  natfa  was the door through which american workers were shoved into the neoliberal global labor market .
[us] for the most part , imho they are likely still more progressive than their parents in many ways , but they were raised in a environment where social change is opposed arbitrarily .
[russia] i m aware the eurabia projections are crackpot , though as an unapologetic russian nationalist i can always dream ... p that said , the share of the muslim population will still go up drastically , burdening the european welfare states even further  since immigrants  iq , and hence capacity for economic improvement ,  is far lower   httpakarlin.com201205berlingetsbadnewsfrompisa  than that of the native population  .
[russia] but us never collapsed and had to rebuild either , it does nt have a situation like crimea which was russian for a few hundred years until a ukrainian premier gave it to ukraine back when it did not matter , but then ukraine took it in in 1991 under the udnerstanding that russia would keep the sevastopol base , but then the new opposition gov  t revoked the lease extension , so russia just took the matter in its own hands ...
[us] the threat of a costly legal dispute with a very uncertain outcome will act as a deterrent for many governments to protect citizens or the environment .
[russia] russians like the idea that russian state is protecting its citizens abroad , plays well into stronkimportant narrative , its hard to come to terms that russia is not exactly a paragon of virtue which everyone should follow and praise .
[russia] this term originated from the ussr , when having a personal car was considered hubby .   edit  after the second thought ,    ca nt be translated as  auto enthusiast  at all ,    used there as amateur , nonprofessional , not as  enthusiast  .
[russia] grozny had  40  of russian population before yeltsin gave up the territory to separatists in exchange for support of his staged coupdetas in 1991 .
[us] speaking of smegma , men think circumcision makes them incapable of accumulating anything like that , but that s not true unless the surgery was done so  tightly   destructively  that it s what the prosurgery crew on reddit considers  botched  by virtue of excess tissue destruction .
[russia] so far ukrainians are doing a fine job of alienating russia and russia sympathizers , i can kind of understand  leninopad  , but kutuzov memorial and unknown soldier is uncalled for  from my perspective  .
[russia] i know italians have lardo , and it s really good , but they re probably the only ones outside the slavic world who like it .
[us] there is a reason why research heavy rankings such as arwu are dominated by countries  uk , us , switzerland  that allow universities to charge what they are worth .
[russia] to shut them down  , potential  foreign agents  realized their days are counted and started to publish articles like  these companies migrated from russia  with context  you should do it too    some good news  after recent elections in ukraine state run media agencies have  toned down their antiukrainian  news    httpslon.rurussiapokaputinmolchit1103981.xhtml    nonetheless it seems  jewish population  or whatever is left  is fleeing from russia   httpizrus.co.ildvuhstoronkaarticle2014053024565.html  and some prominent jewish activists are asking people  to flee from both russia and ukraine   httpdolboeb.livejournal.com2668584.html  .
[us] in the aftermath of russia s annexation of crimea in march , a petition for the  secession of alaska from the u.s. and joining russia  appeared on the  we the people  section of white house s website .
[russia] hitler s fierce antisoviet rhetoric was one of the reasons why the uk and france decided that soviet participation in the 1938 munich conference regarding czechoslovakia would be both dangerous and useless .
[us] their disagreements with the germaninfluenced ostpolitik also threaten german access to russian resource markets , so that ll be a interesting disagreement to watch in the future .
[us] if they do so soon the esa will probably have manned space capability roughly around the time the u.s. gets it , as spacex and boeing s capsules are finished .
[russia] edit  according to the very same federal migration service ,  in march there were 1.6 million of ukrainian citizens on the territory of russia   httpria.ruworld20140307998661922.html  .
[russia] not that i would encourage stealing others people work or anything , but if you want to go full machiavelliussr like approach , you need access to the tech , otherwise your economy will implode and you loose power .
[us] additionally the polish air force was reduced from 400 to just 54 by the 14th of september and were practically incapable of fighting the luftwaffe .
[russia] obviously western media cares more about the west since , you know , they re from the west , but that s precisely my point  there are issues with its coverage of these conflicts .
[us] not sure what you mean by second degree equations , but if it s calculus , i think that is also quite useful for being able to understand the world around you .
[us] this is nt so much about bavaria leaving as it is about the eu gaining the precedent to unilaterally stepover  sweepaside germany s constitutional court , to divide up the country against the german government s will .
[russia] ukraine does not have an elected president right now , their parliament is heavily influenced by armed people in masks with questionable background , but none of this concerns anyone and westerners are more than happy to give ukraine loans , recognition and support .
[russia] we are already protected from the right sector , pornhub , ukrainian news sites , local opposition news sites , and numerous random sites that occasionally have the same ip as dangerous stuff people should be protected from .
[russia] sounds crazy , but that s what they actually do  at first in sloviansk and kramatorsk , now  since the flight of separatists from sloviansk   in luhansk   httpwww.citynews.net.uanews35050ubivshaya8iyulyavluganskepassazhirovmarshrutkiminabylavypuschenaterroristamianeukrainskoyarmiey.html  .
[us] can you clear this up for me then ... romanian is nt in schengen , but they can live and work where ever they want right now
[russia] still , people liked it in the ussr , as it was strong , you had almost everything you could ask minus political freedom , and despite the stagnation there was a certain future .
[us] i d say in that case , with the medical benefits at least slightly outweighing the risks , the cultural benefits that come with circumcision must be weighed .
[us] i ll add that there may be some kind of storagemanagement requirements attached to the sale , and finland already met it on their own .
[us] i know a few people from the us as i lived there for a year and when i try to convince them to visit me in europe thats what they tell me .
[russia] i see the country is literally preparing to a war  massive antieuus propaganda , military budget increase , upcoming shutdown of internet , preparations for isolation of financial system , preparations for cheaper oil and complete oil embargo , closed borders , etc.  .
[russia] your neighbor is a chess nerd that used to be a military buff who feels threatened and encroached and fights back in the only way he knows how .
[us] it is definitely a dream for most people here in the us  the system is nt great for the people who underperformed in high school or who lack motivationdirection in life .
[us] this is straightout projection from lavrov , given how much  1 putin laments the fall of the soviet union , and  2 russia prides itself as being not quite european , but not quite asian either  sounds like  eternal uniqueness  to me
[russia] well , it is true , we ve seen better days , but frankly speaking , ukraine is in a really bad situation right now , for purely pragmatic reasons i would cast my lot with russia .
[russia] they just happened to live in modernday russian territory , but they do nt have much to do with modern russian state , even if some loony nationalists may fondly imagine it so .
[russia] upvoted because downvote is nt a disagree button and whoever did it ca nt into reddit , but you are incorrect  football is the most popular sport in russia by a very large margin .
[us] back in the late 90s , there was a service in san francisco called peapod , i think , that delivered groceries to your door , but it did nt work out , they failed .
[us] also , the baltics and exeastern bloc countries are nt bargaining chips to be dealt  they have their own agency and choices to make .
[us] regardless of whether or not they should be there , the fact that the prospect of their mass murder by palestinians provokes such a blas response tells you everything you need to know about thirdparties  stake in their conflict .
[us] actually , i had to reread them a few times , and all in all it took me about a month to absorb all of the information in them .
[us] the french were really the ones pushing for ousting khaddafi , when the french and the us were talking about it , susan rice said to the french  we do nt want your shitty war
[us] issues which , at least in the case of japan  the philippines , china has nt shied away from  has been willing to wave it s stick over .
[us] edit 2    europe  did nt so much  invent  the general us grand strategy , as the dutch did in the 1600 s , and the british did after that .
[russia] the idea is that they send you something interesting and pleasing to look at , you would nt want to hang a calendar with another company s history in your office , would you
[us] growth is an effect of successful winwin business endeavors , and growth that occurs out of exploitation is nt real because other people have been left paying a heavy price and that effect has been deliberately left out of the analysis .
[russia] my point is , evidently russia failed to establish a modern , functioning state  you might debate me here and i ll gladly engage  despite massive human potential  let alone resources , etc  .
[russia] well , assuming the trucks get inspected tomorrow and nothing but humanitarian aid is found , all those spreading the hysteria about the trucks being full of weapons  soldiers  tanks will feel a bit silly .
[russia] so i ca nt objectively tell you what s going on in tv recently , that shit can give nausea and make you concerned about your mental health .
[russia] it is a valuable asset and if russia wants to keep it that way , we are going to have to open our wallet  nothing comes for free
[us] that rape and other forms of sexual violence are being used as weapons against women in is  occupied areas , while minorities are being ethnically cleansed .
[us] i mean , i respect france like a motha fucka when it comes to the military , but you re downplaying american assistance  capabilities .
[us] i told a jewish guy i knew in austin , tx to be careful about the local bbq joints , because some of the sausages are made with pork  beef , not just beef .
[russia] overall i do nt think the picture is that grim as you described , because europe were slowly moving away from russian energy sources for quite some time already and transportation of oil  gas by sea still cost some money along with terminals , tankers and such , but yes , putin kind a did gave  a second breath  for eurozone and its not so clear to me that crimea was worth all of it .
[russia] any cooperation between culturally close neighbours will be impossible it was quite clear well before crimea , thanks to thousands of ukrainians chanting  hang the moskals  and  knife the moskals  .
[russia] if i were to change places with mr.giggster and start a posting spree about  how da jews are bad and should be blamed for everything  i would quickly be blamed in antisemitism and labeled as bigotracist , yet when someones entire history consists of shitting on russia or mixing russia s name with dirt  it is totally ok .
[us] if we disallow people from voicing support for hamas , not to say that they do nt have serious issues , but we run the risk of disallowing any support for palestine .
[us] for example , in the us the media has completely blocked out news about the 3 secret ftas and obamacare  one way privatization  has been hyped as being a  stepping stone to single payer   google that phrase  here is an example of what i mean  this is a really shameless lie
[us] there s just too many problems with the euro , in my opinion , for people to make arguments of where it will be in a few decades .
[russia] i can give you at least one region in the world , where foreign jihadis travel to  from europe by the numbers as well  , get trained and supplied by a variety of political actors both from the local region and  kinda covert , but you know exactly who we are talking about here  .
[russia] tatars were deported for the same reason cossacks were also deported  quite a few of them aided the nazis , stalin came down hard on both .
[us] for instance , for a banking nation like switzerland , having a strong currency is advantageous because they do not manufacture many staple goods , so the cost to import these goods is lower since their home currency is strong .
[us] we can all agree that these laws are dangerous and prone to abuse  if we still want to have them , we should ensure that they are worth that risk .
[us] if it is indeed true that russians are intrinsically lesscivilized than normal people  a premise that is itself in need of support , to put it lightly  , the solution is not to forsake our own civilization through policies of ethnic cleansing .
[us] after i read for the last two or three years in european circles that the common wisdom is that nato is useless , for example .
[russia] ofc  protection of oppressed minorities  is a bullshit argument , its as old as known world anyway , but the fact that it was almost bloodless and widely supported speak for itself .
[us] it could get banned from doing business in specific countries , it could be cut up and split into different companies , incentives and subsidies could be heavily given to competitors .
[russia] because as i pointed out not all of them were annexed , and second  most of what rsfsr had was annexed at some point in the past , why have nt they give independence to 90  of rsfsr  future russia  regions
[us] david bull , the executive director of unicef uk , said the charity was calling for an immediate review of the impact austerity measures were having on children  suggesting that worse was to come .
[us] almost none of us have ever heard of ttiptafta , tisa , and the tiny number who have heard about tpp , only have the vaguest idea what it is due to almost zero news coverage in the us media .
[russia] but it s all fair game if it s russia , you know how many times here i ve been given a 19th century pseudoscientific lecture about how russian people are  inclined  to  want a strong leader  because of  cultural reasons  kinda like jews are  inclined  to  want to hoard money  because of  cultural reasons  or blacks are  inclined  to be lazy and criminal because of  cultural reasons  .
[us] at the college i went to  university of arizona  , it was well known for its astronomy program due to its dry , desert air surrounded by mountains upon which observatories were built .
[us] think of all of the allied countries in ww2 that were knocked out of the war before they could even organize a coherent defense , much less shift the economy towards war production .
[russia] speaking seriously , aside from   editor s ass   the reliable source mentioned in the newspaper i m yet to see any official confirmation of   nationalit dun navire   a ship s nationality .
[us] as we ve seen , it s very difficult to force a change in viewpoint if that change is seen as unpopular or controversial .
[russia] now the vast majority are rallying around putin as around the flag , the fifth column is being frowned upon by   lowpaid drunkards   fellow countrymen , authorities even need nt to turn on the full stalin to fight the dissent .
[us] the wars of tomorrow , in my opinion , are going to be quick , limited  decisive for those very reasons , hence why you have countries like china focusing on those very things in their military doctrine .
[russia] rnbo claims that there was a  planned operation  carried out at 430 , part of the encircled forces near to chervonopartisansk were able to break through , another part retreated to russia .
[us] it s either remain as a concubine with your douchey aggressive exboyfriend , or get anally raped by the rich oil businessman next door who s holding your kid in chains in the basement .
[us] i would much rather be caught up in a gang of gypsys than a gang of black americans , you will fear for your belongings , i will fear for my life .
[russia] what i m trying to say that it is apparently ok to not ask people they opinion or even ignore their opinion if it weakens russia , but it is suddenly very , very important to ask it all properly and without haste if that opinion can be prorussian .
[russia] it s really difficult to characterise the country in one brushstroke , but yes , the gist of it is that it s not quite what the name says .
[russia] in response to putin s  accusations   httpforward.comarticles194652latviannazissveteransmarchinannualrigapara  a destroyed t72 tank , which  presumably  came from russia   ah , so a tank made in russia  just like most of ukraine s military equipment
[russia] everything that is happening does look like an obvious stupid attempt of kremlin to force these two companies to create similar staterun company  infrastructure for russian government and then government will kick them out  and probably will start to work with china  .
[us] they are laundry lists of bad ideas that could cost people huge amounts , for example , dangerous chemicals need to be regulated with an eye to preventing diseases like cancer , proactively . .  better safe than sorry   europe  , makes more sense than  innocent until  proven  guilty   us  when there are indications that a chemical is dangerous , it should be banned .
[us] if you are a serious researcher or a reporter or a blogger on medicolegal issues and can somehow prove that to me , i would be happy to spend the half hour or hour or so needed to put together an exhaustive list of such journal articles .
[us] the west had the same policy in practice throughout the cold war  only began to ease up on it when our qualitative edge managed to balance out the soviet s quantitative factor   although i m not even sure we fully realized it until the gulf war when the su was on it s last breaths   .
[russia] reaction which we see today should have happened 22 years ago when rufed invaded georgia using exactly the same tactics as today in eastern ukraine so ukraine could be absolutely safe today .
[russia] 9  the western and ukie press reported the events as a  clash  with  casualties  but with no reference to any one party causing this massacre .
[us] an ex brought back a lovely instant coffee from thailand for me and after one cup , i resolved only to use it for iced coffee .
[us] the us spends hundreds of billions annually on maintenance and repair , often repairing , flying , repairing again without any actual military action , because it is crucial that equipment be ready at a moment s notice .
[us] in the sixth year of a global economic crisis whose essence is that there is nt enough spending ,  many policy makers still do nt get it .
[russia] example off the top of my head  when everybody was losing their shit over pussy riot and  gay propaganda  nonsense , the law has been passed that grants prosecutor s office the right to any kind of restricted information  doctorpatient , attorneyclient , etc.
[us] our nuclear  achilles heel  five years ago , i visited the still highly contaminated areas of ukraine and the belarus border where much of the radioactive plume from chernobyl descended on 26 april 1986 .
[us] i do nt personally know , but i know that with us states , the suicide rate is higher in states that consistently rank higher in happiness polls , maybe because it s tougher to be depressed when others around you are happy .
[russia] of course , ukrainian army has a good reason for keeping separatists locked up  treason is no joke  but my point is that the separatists are doing things that they frankly do nt have to , despite this sub claiming that they re all bloodthirsty savages who torture and kill all their prisoners .
[russia] first of all deportation of tatars was not 50 years ago , but in 1944 , so 70 years ago , but that s minor .
[russia] crimea in that sense is a bit weird and something i would call an  overstep of boundaries  , but from geopolitical point  historical justice for some  of view its probably the correct move , since ukraine was already lost for at least 1 presidential cycle .
[russia] think about how people react to various possible shortagescrisis in supermarkets or whatnot , people raid the place buying everything and then proceed to be on standby so to speak .
[us] still exhausted from our badlyconceived adventures in iraq and afghanistan , we have little appetite for a confrontation with russia that gains us nothing and matters so little to our allies that germany , which is actually in the neighborhood , wo nt even stop funding putin s military with gas purchases .
[russia] look , i am not going to start defending putin  , he is a brutal autocratic thug who fudges our elections and does nt do enough to cut corruption , but this is just bullshit propaganda .
[russia] peter was a great reformer who modernized russia , but it was catching up to west mostly , we were never in the lead , nor did russian people ever enjoyed prosperity .
[russia] sure does have a lot to be thankful for , taken from the bloodied backs of those same peoples into the modern day and the forseeable future  .
[us] though some on wall street would try to make that case  sometimes europeans conflate  what i think of when i think of  the socalled  average republican  with what they call  the average american  .
[us] the fact that some men elect to be circumcised in adulthood , while literally no women elect to be subjected to fgm , should tell you something .
[us] russia is an abject failure and it trying to use illegitimate means to hold on to power they no longer have the wealth or influence for .
[us] in addition to minority groups ,  udzukian pointed out , there are political gulfs between people from california , vermont , and texas , for example  to the point that  solely anecdotally  my friends from san francisco and philadelphia are far closer , politically , to my british  london , hampshire and newcastle based labour or lib dem types , mostly  i do nt know any ukippers  than than to my south carolinian friends .
[russia] your yatsenyuk , at the time i was following what he was saying , was nothing short of a clown , who spew random allegations and threats .
[us] httpnews.bbc.co.uk2hiuknewsmagazine7841890.stm   as one example of many  you write as though the fda is some banana republic arm of a junta somewhere , and  as a more general example  germans tend to write opinions on economics as though the  deutsche bank had no role in the 2008 global financial crisis .
[us] what are you talking about    the u.s. practically throws money at anyone asking for it , if thats not a bribe idk was is .
[russia] it s long to explain how much this is a putinorchestrated puppet show , but there never was a separatist movement in eastern ukraine .
[us] i m not defending russia or their actions but they were certainly reacting to the idea that ukraine would fall out of russia s economic sphere of influence .
[us] edit   i m getting downvoted , but seriously guys , countries usually do nt like being apart of organizations that can split up their country .
[russia] during that time it became a radical islamic state where crime thrived and it culminated in jihadists invading another region of russia , dagestan .
[russia] but i ll bite anyway   uhh , without munchen agreement of 1938  occupation of chezhoslovakiaallied negotiations breakdown , soviet union would not signed mrp , let alone invaded poland .
[us] the more the world makes fun of putin and ridicules him the more his actions are viewed as being  truly russian  and uncompromising to the whims of the west .
[russia] their first  very obvious  step is to prepare  internet shutdown   httptop.rbc.rusociety19092014949993.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1  , syrian style   another obvious action to prepare government to the war against population   cheches will serve in the military   httptop.rbc.rupolitics21092014950342.shtml  starting from this year  it s not like the government actually need chechens in the army  there wo nt be much anyway   they just need to spread information about chechens may fight for the government  and simply use bandits in military uniform    another  oligarch was arrested   httptop.rbc.ruincidents16092014949443.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1   instead of khodorkovsky who was set free just few months ago   with official reason  money laundering    in english   httpwww.aljazeera.comnewseurope201409russianbillionaireplacedunderhousearrest2014916222828710897.html   .
[us] i think that some very minor unimportant sounding approval of preliminary text may activate ceta in a provisional application mode , which may be as onerous , or even more onerous than once its actually ratified
[us] there s no way any individual country in europe is going to match russia s military power without screwing up their budget for years to come , which is pretty much out of the question .
[us] many of them are in warmer climates , places like costa rica have huge american populations . . also there is a very large diaspora in the eu .
[russia] instead , the unconstitutional regime proceeded to fire members of the constitutional court , who had voted for the 2010 constitution on the grounds that their decision violated their oath of office .
[russia] and if anyone s getting invaded , it might be the country that is surrounded on all sides by nato  peacekeeping  bases which only escalate tensions .
[us] meat needs to be kept clean and cold , thats not such a big thing , or should nt be . .  but factory farms are not known for their cleanliness  thats why they use chlorine as a disinfectant
[russia] there are a wealth of reasons as to why the eu  with its aims of an ever closer union  should have no desire to accept a country that wishes to keep such close ties with russia because russia is an enemy to eu
[russia] why should russia maintain the existing status quo if moldova , which feeds itself and replenishes its budget with  remittances from  migrant workers stops being close , friendly or even neutral towards the russian state .  seriously , why
[us] i would prefer changes to the current political system inside of the usa , but you ca nt say it is nt a democracy because of having two parties .
[russia] there are no fines in russia for doing under 20 over , and you can deduct  5 more from the reading in court because that s the tolerance of a speed gun reading  it is always corrected in your favor  .
[russia] the rest of reddit is russophobic , sure , but the reasons are mixed  sometimes cold war mentality still , sometimes different views on some hot issue , sometimes putinputinputinputin etc.
[russia] 90s were a time when first it was the government who betrayed its people and stole from them everything , dismantling social institutions and services in the meantime .
[us] there are simple things that you take for granted that happen far more inside of eu like people freezing to death that are rare in the usa for instance .
[russia] no matter what they say in the process it s the same ol good georgian scenario with  independent states  and  russian peacekeepers  in the end .
[us] no government measures affecting the trade in services , whatever its aim  environmental or consumer protection , labor standards , universal service , fair competition , etc.  is beyond gats scrutiny .
[us] if a foreign investor is involved , the free trade agreements give them an entitlement to remain , and not be regulated in any way that causes adverse effects on their profits .
[russia] just fyi   vostok  means  east   the maneuvers will take place on the island of sakhalin , the kamchatka peninsula , chukotka , and the southern part of the primorsky territory   russian far east   .
[us] lol , you must be a mad man ... because i ve seen too many crashes in my lifetime already  and you boyo must know that move to  government bonds selloff  was nt invented by george soros ... if you still want to be a teacher , than wipe your nose .
[us] with a media that blots out all news of ftas , many americans tend to disbelieve the occasional plea for attention to this issue or information presented to us on its significance .
[russia] looked like a forced change of border and attempt of annexation , but ukrainians widely supported it at the time , sent buks  stuff and did a bunch of other  funny business  .
[russia] seeing as how they ve all been ground into dust , turned into fortress kingdoms , or severely restricted by economic warfare by capitalist super powers , is it surprising that none exist
[russia] there is a russian saying      which roughly translates as  one old woman said  with everything that comes after , which describes mostly rumors and hearsays , generally an impossible to verify source of information .
[russia] you  can  start embargoing russia left and right , ban everyone from entering , restricting movement of capital and stop buying russian gas and oil , but just like russian people will face consequences from putin s actions  in not so distant future  , european citizens will face consequences as well .
[russia] shias  iran , iraq and others  is 12  negative , sunnis  fabulous champions of human rights such as saudi arabia , qatar and others  is 80  hate .
[us] now , several decades later , because the dependence on automobiles and fossil fuels is incredibly wasteful , and millions can not afford cars , many cities are finding that these trolley systems really have to be rebuilt , despite the fact that repurchasing trolley  now called  electric light rail   rights of way is incredibly costly .
[us] on what planet would you think a country would like other countries to rule over the most strategic real estate inside of its borders and some of the most strategic real estate in the entire world
[russia] and yes , it basically requires that abkhazia remains autonomous , because the only alternative would be yet another violent war led by georgia with very possible ethnical cleansing in revenge .
[russia] it s near ukrainian border    ukraine recalled its cis delegate   httptop.rbc.rupolitics25042014920681.shtml  , cited lack of usefulness of this organization   senate      of federation  most important organization in the country after the government  declared it s  against invasion into ukraine   httpvesti.uadonbass49263sovetfederaciivystupilprotivvvodavojskvukrainu   it was completely unexpected   senate approved a  law about national credit network   httpgov.cnews.rutop20140425gosdumaprinyalazakononacionalnoyplatezhnoysistemealternativevisaimastercard570021   visamc analog  , after june 2016 it will be illegal to use foreign payment systems for payments within the country   ministry of finances declared  economy will be officially in recession after q2   httptop.rbc.rueconomics21042014919408.shtml  .
[russia] recently the sad state of  truth  as far as nato and the us consider it is that claims can be made without substantiation  western journalists accept every claim made by a government official these days without question .
[russia] this just goes to further show that the conservativesocial democratic split in european politics is mostly artificial , as both ultimately answer to the same elites and subscribe to the same neoliberal , westernuniversalist ideology .
[russia] basically , in the event that our ground forces are in danger of being overwhelmed , there will be limited tactical nuclear strikes to even the odds .
[russia] ... which is the very same problem that led to putin s mindset in the first place , as he was very bitter to see us break the promise of no postussr nato expansion into the warsaw pact and the creation of bases even closer to russia , removing russia s sphere of influence .
[us] the headline finding from the official assessment of ttip is that there will be a loss of at least one million jobs in the eu and us as a direct result of the agreement s coming into force .
[russia] i kind a hope everyone would take a chill pill and let it all fade away , caz escalation can lead to a lot of ugly things and confrontations , which are unnecessary .
[us] they also get pulled over by cops and fined if they get caught picking someone up , so the law does apply to them .
[us] this is often a mistake because free trade agreements contain so called  ratchet  clauses which can make the decisions irreversible no matter how bad a decision it proves to be .
[us] then , 25 years after soviet russia falls  which most europeans who write on this sub were nt even born yet  , russia actually starts to get some of its game back .
[us] in the case of chicago and other northern cities that see a lot of snow , salt that is used to clear snow tears up the roads .
[russia] article 109  the resignation of the president of ukraine shall enter into force from the moment when he personally announces the statement of resignation at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine .
[us] and since  russia considers limited nuclear strikes to be   deescalation     httpthebulletin.orgwhyrussiacallslimitednuclearstrikedeescalation  , it s pretty much inevitable that they ll deploy tactical nukes to not only cover their retreat , but force a stalemate .
[russia] personally , i guess russia does nt want to officially recognize the soviet occupation simply because they re afraid of compensation claims from the baltic countries , poland and the rest .
[us] edit  50  higher rates of fatal cancer and 42  higher rates of birth defects than in general population in areas with mtr mining as found by  21  peer reviewed studies .
[russia] 1   umkvgtired did nt say anything about motive 2  motive is something not trivial to establish , especially if the murderer was not found .
[us] when the centers , which are not allowed to turn away patients for inability to pay , try to get the insurers to pay , the claims are usually denied , and the centers have to write it off as uncompensated care  dickson , 925  .
[russia] look , i m not gon na let you drag me down here ,  facts  is such a funny word when literally nobody outside of ukraine denies that svoboda are neonazis .
[russia] i believe at that moment huns , vandals and other barbarians have bred somewhere around altai mountains to invade europe and destroy roman empire later ...
[russia] . .  in slavyansk we have unanimously put our hands together and stated  all who are with us will do well , and all who are against us  well , you can guess yourselves .
[russia] if you do nt believe that 90  of crimea supports the return to russia you clearly have no clue about crimea and its history .
[russia] i realize that when a guy asks something basic like source on something stated , and for that he is welcomed with instant massive downvotes and toxic comments , there is something very wrong with the community .
[russia] basically means that they do nt really have any responsibility in reporting except to make money for the company or person that does own it .
[us] i do nt see turkey and russia cozying up anyways even if we leave because of the historic animosity between russiaturkey that goes back centuries and exists in the present day in the proxy battles of syria .
[russia] he s survived a number of internal political battles as well as real battles , and as of this writing , neither col. strelkov or aleksandr boroday have said anything to confirm or deny his claims or counterclaims to reuters  they are letting nature take its course .
[russia] but they would have to be legal and observed , not have someone with a kalashnikov checking the ballot to make sure someone cast the  right  vote .
[russia] but ukraine is an economical disaster , so if ukraine would ve been more prosperous than russia the whole crimean referrendum could ve been very different , even with the whole overwhelming support of the majority of population who are russians there .
[russia] extracts from their lyrics   httpfreepussyriot.orgcontentlyricssongspussyriot    black robe , golden epaulettes all parishioners crawl to bow   the head of the kgb , their chief saint   shit , shit , the lord s shit
[us] not everyone in the us has forgotten , and frankly the only epidemic in the us is the fear campaign surrounding ebola , not the virus itself .
[us] technically , but if you think the company wo nt turn around and pass that cost directly to the individual , you re wrong .
[us] if my kid were born in europe , i d obviously consider a different path rather than if my kid were born in the us .
[russia] you know very well that ukrainians and russians are basically the same people , we are not two different cultures , we are just two flavours of an eastern slavic postsoviet culture .
[russia] look , people who come to kill are usually wellarmed and 30odd men with automatic weapons would be perfectly able to defend themselves from the mob .
[us] keep in mind older generations have a lifetime of experience to draw from that shape their views , as opposed to youth whose political views are shaped mostly be ideology and naivete .
[us] do nt get me wrong , i think both systems are bad , but it seems that their anarchy has fewer restrictions that you must enforce than yours .
[us] in the u.s. the garbage truck drivers unions used to strike , even though they ve always received very high wages relative to how lowskill the job is .
[russia] these were conquered in the years between the start of ww2 in 1939 , and the start of the great patriotic war  eastern front  in 1941 .
[russia] how come soviet union in height of cold war did not nuked the world during cuban crisis and the level of antagonism back then was way , way higher than nowadays
[russia] polling agency name   kyiv international institute of sociology   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikikyivinternationalinstituteofsociology   method used  mixed phone   45    facetoface interviews   55    date of the survey  1015 april 2014  sample size and composition  3232 interviews , 160 locations .
[us] based on projected job displacement in one of the studies of 0.4  1.1 million , our rough  and conservative  calculation suggests implied costs of  5   14 billion for unemployment benefits , excluding costs for retraining and skillsacquisition .
[us] so , do nt blame us  meaning , we , the american people  i m american  we re being lied to by our  politicoindustrial complex  too .
[us] european colonial powers  did nt  set up cities and improve them , large  native  cities in subsahara africa were there before the race for africa .
[us] httpswww.youtube.comwatchv9xvzorpc24u  but along with that , i feel like i actually do nt talk to  people  , in a more general sense , because when i do many times its this struggle .
[us] smaller states like greece need a weaker euro so that their debt is easier to manage , but not so weak that it wipes out savings .
[us] even now , with economies contracting , germany is still obsessed with deficit reduction for all governments , while its opposition to monetary easing has meant that the ecb , to the obvious despair of mr draghi , has done far less than other big central banks in terms of quantitative easing  notwithstanding this week s move to start buying  covered bonds   .
[us] i mean breaking bad , the godfather , star trek , apocalypse now , star wars , the sopranos , seinfeld , always sunny in philadelphia , the wire , house of cards , the daily show , orange is the new black , mad men , goodfellas , parks  rec , martin scorsesequentin tarantino movies in general and the the colbert report ... all crazy imaginations ... an yes , selfimportance .
[us] if you re interested in the topic , wikipedia has a  decent list   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipaleoeuropeanlanguages  of ancient languages that are believed to come from preindoeuropean families .
[us] a good chunk of europe is leaving itself pretty defenseless in the face of another global conflict , i do nt really see wwiii happening any time soon though , so it s not really a horrible thing .
[us] i can also say it is a fact that his statement that germany treats immigrants better than any other country while only living inside of germany is based on bullshit .
[russia] russians are proud about ww2 win , as it was a war for survival and we did survive , but calling it the greatest time , is like calling someone who fought cancer and won , but lost almost everything in the process  from hair to house , to will to live , to abandoning any ideals or dreams we ever had .
[russia] i would expect a larger than planned scale of the training if it s related to current events but i do nt know what was planned and there s nothing about that in the article .
[russia] note that vera alperovich is not some random person pretending to be an  expert  to voice their biased opinion , but a real expert on this topic from  sova center   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisovacenter  .
[russia] latvia wants for russians to keep on buying their property and lithuania wants to continue to be a major transport hub for trade between russia and europe  it is wise not to shit on someone who is giving you money and work .
[us] i do nt know why everyone is just sitting back when ukraine is trying to fight one of the most powerful countries in the world .
[us] gats is the wto fta that for decades has been mandating one way services privatizations in the nations that have signed , like the us , canada , uk , etc.
[us] how about you judge wars on an individual basis and get over yourself with your bullshit america bashing while defending the people that brought you sex slaves and the rape of nanking and committing human experimentation on captured people .
[russia] just imagine that after scotland tried to secede britain went in , scrapped the constitution of scotland and said that scotland does nt need the president of scotland anymore .
[russia] and they know that just because they label them terrorists , they ll have a horde of eu apologists on the internet doing their propaganda dirty work for them .
[us] but yes , you are a irreconcilable idealist if you think we could ve just pulled out of iraq early  continued the   nationbuilding   you allude too .
[russia] i know it will never happen , i m just saying that getting invaded by a country changes perspective , ask some of the middle east ...
[us] you take the position that people would still feel the same sense of identity that they do today  but i am not so sure , and i very much doubt the general public feels the same .
[russia] here it was nt like that i guess , you just had to wait in the line until the government issues you a dwelling , haha .
[russia] i got a video of putin after he heard about all of them sanctions   httpsi.imgur.comrsi9t.gif  and as a regular citizen i can say  thanks guys
[us] so you think an increase in african people over the long run would cause the same type of instability and poverty that occurs in africa to occur in europe
[russia] emmigrants are not obliged to pay taxes or protect country of their ancestors in time of war , their very existance is irrelevant when it comes to future destiny of their former motherland .
[russia] but russia has stated its message  we are ready to invade an independent state in the name of recreating soviet union and we are not afraid of western repercussion  .
[russia] events happened , decisions were made , ideaologies collided and as a result we got ww2 , not because hitler and stalin met up and decided to split up the world between them .
[russia] stop looking at things from 21st century perspective and realize that this was a time of empires , war crimes , covert operations , illegal coups , struggles for independence and so on and so forth .
[us] i m pretty sure they ve gotten over the  3 weeks of fighting in manchuria   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisoviete28093japanesewar  1945    over half a century ago , which was preceded by 40 years of peace  though it was an impressive operation  .
[us] i also personally consider russia to be european , but it seems like russians and russian government are always trying to pit themselves against the west as if they are something altogether different .
[us] that did nt work well enough and now , at least in the us , they are now the subject of an enormous efforts at secrecy . . the governments which are pushing them have all made them secret  although its easy to blame the us only , its all of them doing it  the level of public lack of awareness in the us is nearly total , though . .
[us] it s sort of like how a premier league team would beat a world cup team  sure there is incredible talent on a national team like germany or brazil , but a top cl or pl squad that is natural at playing together will have the advantage .
[russia] you should also take into account domestic audience in both russia and ukraine , both are very similar in their view of  our boys fought and spilled blood there and for what
[us] generally i do nt see prices being raised for credit cards , but i do see credit card minimums  like over  5 or over  10 for card  .
[us] i do nt call myself that , because technically neoliberalism was a  separate system that came later   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiclassicalliberalism  and is much more hostile to government than i am .
[us] that s why i say that europeans who think the us military should  come home  are wrong  they are arguing against their own self interests .
[us] after finishing whatever you started , you ll end up paying 1,5  interest a year , next to paying back the money you borrowed .
[russia] nananana , i ca nt see you , i ca nt hear you but anything you re saying is propaganda just because you re russian , which means you re brainwashed  .
[us] if you want to understand why  they  feel rejected by society , perhaps it s the fact that it s ingrained in your head that  they  will always be outsiders .
[russia] however there is no lawmaking system , there are no courts , there is zero to none financing of roads building , medicine , education , there is no free speech  russia is an army .
[russia] i do nt trust both russian and ukrainian sources , because they are interested in skewing the result , therefore i would like to see a 3rd party .
[us] a russian defense ministry spokesman told staterun interfax on march 26 that a   missilecarrying regiment   of tu22 backfire nuclear bombers will be deployed to the crimean airbase at gvardeyskoye within two years .
[russia] when you read how someone mass executes hundreds of combat ready men i kind a wonder , why would you not take ak in your hand together with your neighbors at least and defend yourself  and your family  .
[russia] i know the euros in this sub do nt like buffer zones due to very painful history of europe with such things , but us will always want a buffer zone for as long as it is strong , and this fact will never change , only the countries that demand them do .
[us] this is response to the technique getting good enough that multiple births  especially of quintuplets and more  were becoming more common and it was no longer needed to implant 6 or more embryos .
[russia] during recent protests a couple of new faces appeared who seemed to be against a statusquo , they are in jail now , some of them justified , some not .
[russia] you are a major tax haven , with some shady policies and a pretty strong financial sector , in that you are quite similar to british .
[us] could ttip or other fta s controversial  indirect expropriation  and  isds  provisions for  investors  be interpreted as blocking new laws legislating any increase in wages paid to employees in member countries
[us] you ll drive by an interstate and see a large cross here or a billboard for a religious radio station there but it is nt like you go to pay for gas and someone challenges you with a  baptist or other protestant
[us] i can provide you with  many  sources that justify current us military spending  or , on the other side , sources which argue for an annual defense spending of  400 billion or so , instead of the  600 million or so level we see today .
[us] even though i m american , i d be happy to have dual citizenship with poland , if for no other reason than being able to work in the eu .
[us] it just becomes exhausting at a certain point when you just know if you go into a thread about one countrya problem , and the first comments you see are predictably about america .
[us] because obviously most jews ascribe to the beliefs of rabbi ovadia yosef who also said in 2000 and 2009 that the holocaust was the result of jews sinning ... do you think most israeli jews believe that also since they in your view believe in the quote you put forth
[us] i can name multiple russians that speak english by user name off memory and speak to russians on a regular basis on this site .
[russia] biggest joke ever ... the most bloodiest conflit on the canadian soil was around that idea . .  patriot revolt   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilowercanadarebellion  british tried many times to assimilate french but fail that was the main policy of the british government just read the  durham report   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikireportontheaffairsofbritishnorthamerica  , read  the metis rebelion   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiredriverrebellion  rebelion , ontario french canadian assimilation , and the cause of the  quiet revolution   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiquietrevolution  btw louisianna didnt even have half of the population of quebec . . we had clever french canadian politicians that saw the danger of staying quiet with uk and block all the attempt of  imperialist faction   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiimperialfederation  to try to integrate us to uk and instead they push to create a bilingual canadian identity .
[us] a good start is  facing the facts , a guide to the gats debate  . . you also might want to read this essay   gats and public service systems   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm   the protections that its advocates talk up are illusory in practice . .
[russia] the main topic is russia is not satisfied with current ukrainian establishment and want  regime change  for whatever the reasons , the fact that we resorted to such means is not a sign of strength , but weakness as you pointed out previously .
[us] he is right though , that person posts all the time on rrussia and i can assure you they are not a sympathetic source of information .
[us] everything that the military arm of the eu  the csdp  does , has to by eu law be agreed upon by all member states .
[us] there are quite a few people in  rrussia that left russia to go to usa and yet they rail against usa and talk about putin and his greatness .
[russia] according to the polls of pew global attitudes project amount of russians who think that homosexuality is not acceptable  raised from   httpsru.wikipedia.orgwiki  from 64  in 2007 to 74  in 2013 .
[us] the eu is a complete failure and i m relieved that usa has a lot of federal power so that this kind of bullshit does nt go on on this side of the atlantic .
[russia] lastly , i d say that russia feels extremely sensitive whenever there are u.s intrusions , meddling in russian sphere of influenceinterest and thus russia projects similar attitude toward eu  caz they follow the suit  .
[russia] source  i worked with s300  if it really were those rebelsterrorist  and i think it were they  , they apparently had to use help from russia , because there are little to no chances to meet person who will be able to use such weapons .
[russia] it s good because it s next to a forest  serebryaniy bor  , there is nt that much crime  only had my car radio stolen back in 2002  , there are malls not too far away .
[russia] as someone who lived both in russia and the us , and having exposure to both points of view i find this article offensively biased .
[us] however , trade minister and chief negotiator kim jonghoon asserted on oct. 22 at a parliamentary inspection of the ministry of foreign affairs and trade  mofat  that the former was a  standstill clause ,  different to that of the ratchet clause in the korus fta .
[us] mad is real , it has not been repealed , it may have seemed like it took hiatus , but it is as real as everything you know .
[us] i ve been hearing option 2 being thrown around , but nothing really concrete as to the desired results  what would mas and company hope to get out of that
[us] american tactical nukes in theatre , especially in both germany  your own country , also give russia pause to think before using tactical nukes .
[russia] again may be not a case in romania but in ussr aids appeared very late and numbers of cases were very small , due to isolation sadly .
[us] however , if europe did nt free ride on the us  and nato  to provide its security , while it spends all of its money on lord knows what , i would have no problem whatsoever with anything anybody in europe says about russia .
[russia] not a thing of course , europe is a spineless , castrated crowd of dithering old hags who will only invade some severely outclasses third world nation and then only usually when us is leading the effort with their actually capable military .
[us] it was a huge logistical undertaking to cover so many miles so quickly  some organization genius by the soviets as well  that was successful because the soviets had trucks and nazis had horses .
[russia] i am for  more  sanctions on wealthy russian officials and oligarchs , make them move money home , not feed european economies and house markets .
[russia] it s much easier to pick up girls in the us with a russian accent , though i do prefer boys  hehe , do nt tell putin  and people will be mostly fascinated .
[russia] hence , these soldiers have no desire to act against russian armed forces or people , and a big portion of them actually stays on the peninsula to gain russian citizenship .
[russia] thing is , stalin did much more , and not all of what he did was evil  and much of evil usually contributed personally to stalin was , actually , done by somebody else .
[us] i ca nt imagine turning on the news and having someone tell me  the queen woke up this morning and declared  enough is enuff .
[russia] it s not our way or the highway , it s just it s impossible to do anything with millions of people which have an idiotic image about you in their head , it s just impossible .
[russia] also , afaik there is no  shooters  alive from that  accident  , so can you give a proof of that there was a shooter and he was russian
[us] in fact , on their websites and in their comments they leave all over the internet , you can see that the antiforeskin movement has always promoted the maximum destruction of tissue as ideal .
[russia] i am not antieu ,  fuck the west  type of guy , but i fail to see the conclusion of the current conflict any time soon , given the rhetoric and ongoing trends .
[russia] germany does nt have the resources or the labor reserves to provide the products it does whilst also providing the standard of living it does all on its own .
[russia] there are some people who consider recent diasporas as rich oligarchs who robbed the land and now live in london somewhere , others think that people in diasporas were too weak to survive the turbulent 1990 , so they p ssied out  kind of like rats leave the sinking ship first , before anyone else  .
[us] rebels in syria , afghanistan and sudan are effective because they are used to being able to survive and rough it in a warzone .
[russia] when global economic conditions turn towards se asia , latin america , and africa , they re going to remember who has been robbing them of resources and interfering in their internal affairs .
[us] likewise , the fringe neonazi movements are not driven out of germany by their restrictive laws  and in fact , may use it to justify their beliefs  .
[us] one of my hometowns , in texas , had to rebuild some of the roads that simply washed away and cancelled recycling pickup because the road between the facility and the city was undrivable for the recycling trucks .
[russia] these guys are incapable to translate plain and simple movie titles  results often have the opposite meaning  such as  all is lost  is translated into  hope never lost  ,  the secret life    the wonderful life  ,  hearth of the storm    scarier than a storm  and so on .
[us] i can understand that israel wants the local politics to be handled without foreign interference , but they have no qualms about meddling in every other country s affairs so long as it benefits them .
[us] so , many americans are going to have problems affording to see doctors here in america , because a fever is  curative care  which means it has to be paid for in a short amount of time and thats money many people do not have . .
[us] the most recent emergence of it for the first time outside of individual s life stories  was not meant to be about that , it emerged spontaneously , but as i said i had heard it several times before  its been mentioned for years .
[russia] sending military on foreign territory  citation needed   annexation of parts of it  citation needed   used to prevent writing  government  yeah , typical  reurope mantra of   oh we do nt hate the people , we hate government
[us] us take home income after tax dramatically rose  for almost every income decile   httpwww.nytimes.com20140423upshottheamericanmiddleclassisnolongertheworldsrichest.html  , is still one of the highest in the world at the median , and is doing  really  well for the half of the country over the median .
[us] very few people in europe have bothered to really , honestly consider israeli motivations , preferring to think the israelis are motivated by a greedy lust for land or an ideology of racial supremacy .
[russia] nato missile shield that is closing up on russia ca nt prevent first strike from russian side , but it can protect from retaliatory strike if some russian icbm launch sites are destroyed by first strike from nato .
[us] it s super easy to make stereotypes out of parisians , and since there is relatively little englishlanguage french press and news , most people do nt know much about modern france .
[russia] state department was  concerned  about its little pet project and voiced its solicitude , was kind a amusing to see  and georgia is not occupied by russian forces for 10 years .
[russia] in russian prisons there is strict cast system , and being gay automatically puts one to the lowest cast possible , pretty much  untouchable   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiuntouchability  .
[russia] domestic companies either handle it or not , if they are replaced by foreign companies that has largely happened in retailing and banking , then that is positive development as those foreign entities have been more competitive and thus been able to offer better services for the rest of the economy .
[us] yet , without good proxies of those costs and the scope for their reduction , an empirical economic analysis with proper modeling is basically impossible or mere sophisticated  guess  work .   john hilary of war on want   analyzing the cepr study   httpwww.thebrokeronline.eublogsemploymentttipdontmentionthejoblosses   . .    at least 1.3 million european workers will lose their jobs as a direct result of the agreement .
[us] i wo nt be here to see it , but in 1020 years my generation will be fed up with this system and will likely have more of a say than the currently 60 year old nra members sitting in their apocalypse bunkers while spitting their chewing tobacco on obama s hope posters .
[us] no matter what you feel about russia , it should be obvious that any deals which occurred right after the collapse of the former soviet union were corrupt .
[us] yes , always great when a sin tax is used to improve behavior and then the government gets pissed that less people pay taxes by acting better .
[us] although it is being said that chinese investors are being given priority , they also understand that they can not risk deals with a partner that could confiscate their property when things go wrong .
[russia] now finally compare russia where all the violence people see is on tv and crimea which was recently annexed and armed people are on streets .
[russia] i can not count how many times they ve parroted some obscure source about a ridiculous claim , ignored new evidence  remember the odessa massacre
[us] how would you feel if some loud crass americans crashed some random pub in belfast and ordered a round of irish car bombs for everyone
[russia] then they blame ua army for july 21 shelling of kuybushevskyy district of donetsk , while there are very good reasons that it was committed by separatists from avdiivka , e.g.
[russia] actually i think these are either villagers orand hiredimported mobsters  ca nt believe urban population can create prorussian riot being just few years away from joining eu
[russia] just recently an expert in one another court case recognized calls for freedom and human rights  extremism   httpwww.sovacenter.rumisusenewsotheractions201406d29716  , so you see what s it about .
[russia] if i wave a flag against gays , some other idiots will try the same  probably not as many because there are less gay supporters but the violent percentage is always there , i swear  .
[us] what worries me is that what if the russian governmentmilitary believes they can  blitz  most of eastern and central europe before a  european countries can mobilize  not sure they can  and b  before the us army arrives .
[russia] i do nt seek to defend stalin , he was the worst piece of shit that ever happened to the ussr  i m just saying , pissing off a psychopath with unlimited power tends to do that to you  we all suffered under stalin .
[us] by the 80s , most of the regimes in eastern europe had changed their modus operandi to a much less visible kind of oppression .
[russia] military , police , security , intelligence officers and some other state workers were banned from travelling abroad  with few exceptions  few months ago to support crimean economy .
[russia] activities  in which united states military has engaged last several times were quite far from success in my opinion and it would be a shame if  mistakes happen  and some bombs  totally accidentally  fall on assad troops  or even killed him via mistaking his carconvoy for militants or whatever the excuse would be  .
[russia] yesterday there was  an awesome article   httpizvestia.runews568603  in a major prokremlin outlet with response to comparisons of putin s and hitler s annexations  apparently , hitler was not at all bad before 1939 , he just gathered land and stuff .
[us] well , i guess if you have to draw on a crackpot authoritian regime with a hereditary line based on a god mythos and a starving population forced into military service . . well , i guess in that case ok .  edit  but do you have any proof that north korea has an active martial culture like the us
[russia] most likely it s igor sechin urgently need money for his sanctioned and sinking  rosneft     antiwar ,  proukrainian  protests in moscow   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvvqn0heyqylc   allowed by authorities   reddit thread   httpwww.reddit.comreuropecomments2h14dwproukrainedemonstrationgoingonrightnowin   personal note a.k.a.
[russia] it s uncontrollable criminal offshore with alien mindset and they ll be independent sooner or later so it s just practical to cut losses sooner rather than later while country still has money to build said fence instead of waiting for another  beslan   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibeslanschoolhostagecrisis  or  dubrovka   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikimoscowtheaterhostagecrisis  to happen .
[us] ie languages have many common elements with sanskrit and other asian tongues , this may not be a proof of their origin but it is a strong indication .
[russia] you ca nt just place troops on the streets , capture local government , make a million blanks on office printers , announce a vote in a week , run it without a proper observation and call that a referendum .
[us] recent contradictory coverage from ria novosti   httpen.ria.rupolitics20141101194951444osceobserversinspectpollingstationsindonetskaheadof.html  edit   discussion over in  rukrainianconflict   httpnp.reddit.comrukrainianconflictcomments2kziofrebelscreatedfakeoscenamedascetoobserve  edit2  note it appears to have been led by ewald stadler , a rightwing mep from austria , and alessandro mussolino , an italian political activist associated with forza italia
[us] i suspect that they may have been forgetting the bad aspects of it , or perhaps have been too young then to realize how repressive and spirit crushing most of those regimes were , and how many lives they ruined .
[us] when the idiots in the republican party in usa threatened to not pass laws to allow usa to pay debt their credit rating was threatened also as it should be .
[russia] ruslana was sorta ok when she won , she did ukrainian , that went really well since ukrainian just has that rich sound that the harsher russian lacks , which makes it great for songs  think okean elza  .
[us] you re not going to find any , nor will you find practically any honest explanations of why that is so , not unless you are  very lucky   httpwww.maine.govlegisoplactpchlthcaresub.pdf  .
[russia] at the same time  russia today  officially becomes  a strategic company   i guess that is alternative term for  a weapon of mass destruction of brains   .
[russia] it was long due , structural reforms do not exist due to reasons mentioned above , so we are in for a tough ride .
[us] the same thing goes for ttiptisa  tisa is where the services stuff will be , because of all the developing countries in the tisa club , which will lead to a lot of services privatization at very low wagesbenefits in developed countries , not ttip  and tpp .
[us] all best , and lets drink some beers this weekend in europe . .  do nt forget about halloween next friday . . surfin s gon na be good
[us] as quoted in the proletarian revolution and the renegade kautsky  1972  , p. 11 rule won and maintained by the use of violence ... unrestricted by any laws .
[us] prevalent ultranationalism typically leads to or is the result of conflict within a state , and or between states , and is identified as a condition of prewar in national politics .
[russia] nah , nothing is more corrupt than our current gov  t , you ve got ta be kidding me if you think anything is .
[us] yet ... you re criticizing austerity ... and criticizing the united states approach ... and than criticizing austerity ... and then saying that europe should nt be like the united states  should nt implement austerity ... even though america is the one implementing quantitative easing  europe is the one implementing austerity ... can ... can you explain your logic
[russia] ukraine has less than a third of russia s population  of which many are abroad anyway  , about a tenth of its gdp , is a financial basketcase , and the western areas would be a net liability rather than an asset anyway in any integration scenario .
[us] reid says obamacare just a step toward eventual singlepayer system  las vegas sun news   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing   here is a 2009 paper that explains how the existing wto services fta , gats bars any kind of new public service  all ftas are designed explicitly to block new public services , and dismember existing ones . . especially single payer .
[russia] what convinced me was when the leader of the dnr s military posted online that his forces shot a plane down except it was not  the leader of the dnr s military  .
[us] so , the world should join together to find someplace where the climate migrants in each area can all live and farm or something .
[us] i mean if you have ethnic violence or a civil war , that is one thing , otherwise i do nt think that is a supportable statement .
[us] puerto rico is an example of a place that can join usa when they want or be completely outside of usa , but instead they prefer to stay as a territory .
[russia] killing pets may result in longer terms    edward snowden s visa was prolonged by 3 years   httptop.rbc.rupolitics07082014941582.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem7    fsb  or whoever control buildings around us embassy  has created laser show with  portrait of obama eating banana on us embassy   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvbv641cqz8e  .
[russia] to me russia is clearly an aggressor no matter what suitable bullcrap was made up to excuse 4 wars on exussr territory  ukraine , moldova , georgia , azerbaijannk  .
[russia] the eu is therefore a  doubleimperialist  alliance  on the one hand , it serves to exploit the semicolonies in asia , africa and latin america and on the other hand it serves the exploitation and oppression of the semicolonies which are part of the eu .
[us] there are several large asian grocery stores near me and they are good places to shop because they have good produce deals  i am american and they are too  as are the farmers , typically asian american family operations  all their produce is grown in the us  pretty much , and they have a mind blowing variety of foods from around the world but now almost all also  made in the us   and they are quite large  as in huge  one of these stores must be one of the biggest food  chain  stores in the usand well stocked , as well as being cheap .
[us] slovak republic was sued by a dutch insurance firm , achmea ,  formerly eureko  for trying to switch to single payer after they had signed a bit which had isds and a standstill clause .
[russia] the owners of the site claimed the change is not due to the centrist approach origo has taken in reporting , but due to readers  changing demand for new media .
[russia] read  the assessment of svoboda by the leader of the association of jewish organisations and communities of ukraine   httpwww.vaadua.orgnewspravozashchitnikiosifziselsoevreyahisvobode   edited google translate    in practice , there are really some antisemitic elements in  svoboda  , and we monitor them more than 20 years , since the days when the party was still known as the socialnational party of ukraine .
[russia] i was clearly talking about legal acts of occupation of sovereign countries , but if you want to talk about moral aspect then yes , what soviet union did with deportations and killings was  horrible  , but what exactly these crimes against humanity had to do with responsibility of soviet union for starting ww2
[us] summoning marshal of the soviet union ,  ugeorgy  kzhukov , to deal with some of this crap in a bit more of an indepth fashion .
[us] more and more of society  and this will happen in developed countries earlier than elsewhere  will eventually be forced to live on very little if any work .
[us] you know , we dont all have to be adversarial on this . . thats not a good way to approach issues like this , either .
[russia] good news  russian federation does not operate as single country , but rather as a set of multiple separate quasistates which have less integration than countries in eu  for example to move between regions   you   citizens need passport  and visa on arrival   without such visa there will be troubles with job search and local police   so fall will be almost  painless  , just like it happened with 1991 with ussr .
[us] i am pretty sure . .  this period of history  and the minoan  a largely unknown , advanced protomediterranean culture , is pretty interesting , imo . . wish i had more time to dig into it a bit more deeply .
[russia] i repeat  if he was born in ukraine , has got a passport of ukraine and is indistinguishable from his fellows from e ukraine then he s a bloody ukrainian .
[russia] to ignore the fact , that 70  years ago  world was different on a fundamental level  makes for quite an inaccurate world picture and generalizations like donvito expressed  and which are quite popular on this sub it seems  .
[us] you start off by saying , basically ,  somewhat right  and  somewhat wrong  , in attaching certain postwar decisions on school curriculum to  americans  .
[us] i do think it seems silly though to suddenly have a bad impression of the swiss for doing something they have been doing for centuries .
[russia] during the night of 7 august 2008 , after months of escalated tensions and clashes between georgian and south ossetian forces ,  georgia launched a largescale military offensive against south ossetia    an independent international factfinding mission headed by swiss diplomat heidi tagliavini was established by the eu to determine the causes of the war .
[russia] yanukovych wo nt back down it seems there was enough force already  protesters control government buildings in kiev , yanukovich  and ministers  has fled from capitol and probably from the country .
[russia] it is what it is by intent , it happens because putin wills it , not because men are  corrupted   how can it be  corruption  if it is the endgoal of his political system
[us] sweden is obliged under its 1994 treaty of accession to join the eurozone once it meets the necessary conditions set out in the treaty of maastricht .
[us] and i think many people here can tell you that all through out eastern european the exact opposite of democratic proliferation happened , in fact 50  years of tyranny occurred .
[us] he remarks specifically that when the us complains about europe spending all its money on welfare vs. warfare , that  europe has no good answer  because its true  .
[russia] sources  my ass , mixed ethnics , and the most important part  29 volume set of   the history of russia since ancient times    httpsru.wikipedia.orgwikid098d181d182d0bed180d0b8d18fd0a0d0bed181d181d0b8d0b8d181d0b4d180d0b5d0b2d0bdd0b5d0b9d188d0b8d185d0b2d180d0b5d0bcd191d0bd  written by  sergey solovyov   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikisergeysolovyov  in 19th century .
[us] this technology is actually really neat these presentations are really awesome to see in person if you liked this video you should watch this one that my city had earlier this month at our train station s 100 year celebration , it shows how much more is possible with this technology httpswww.youtube.comwatchvawfuzzdr0 that presentation was created by bazillion pictures which is a company from my city  kansas city usa  and they are really good at this stuff , check out their demo reel httpswww.youtube.comwatchvwbnegskq0lm
[russia] just do nt try to convince us of the goodwill of the soviet union in  releasing  all her captured states , and then play it off as if  well ... not all were militarily annexed  .
[russia] america  practiced widespread disregard for the un and invaded a country  , and it s a big slap in the face of  russia  , of all things
[us] for example , regarding the range of russia s aa missile batteries stealth capabilities would be a plus over here but not as much over sweden .
[russia] on march 4th the ceo of tv dozd announced that can live for another month or even two , if they cut staff salaries .
[russia] ukrainian official statement does not automatically prove that this is the doing of  separatists  , in fact if previous statements is any indication , its quite the opposite .
[us] 2010  britain and france to share nuclear secrets as cameron and sarkozy sign historic 50year military agreement   httpwww.dailymail.co.uknewsarticle1325863britainfrancesignhistoric50yearmilitaryagreement.html  could we possibly see , in such an eventuality as the us leaving european soil , of not only the ukfrance military alliance becoming kind of active , but could we start seeing a few other european states joining it
[russia] they attack civilians , burn people alive in buildings , and even assassinate military officers and entire groups of soldiers who refuse to attack civilian centers in ukraine s east .
[us] but not for long because the effect of isds is to put a chill over any and all actions by government which might adversely effect some corporation requiring compensation by means of an indirect expropriation argument . .
[us] use clooneys caricature for example , it distorts his eyebrows to a ridiculous degree , just because he has larger eyebrows would you call the caricature  accurate
[us] the potential impact of the world trade organization s general agreement on trade in services on health system reform and regulation in the united states  international journal of health services   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  this is nt some little thing .
[russia] thus the gradual escalation in extremist views and desire to go further and further , but when would be a time for slow down , you wo nt have an opportunity already , since that train has long gone .
[russia] in that way modern russia do not see itself as a threat to europe , precisely because there is nothing of interest there , but russia on the other hand is like the biggest prize ever .
[russia] not a day goes by that the baltics along with poland do nt ask for help because they are afraid putin comes for them next .
[us] not really an answer to your question , but it s probably relating to this line from the article   part of the rationale for such a project would be to provide a fixed link between the two cities that does nt involve travelling via russia .
[us] it does exist in the states in some places  though i ve only personally had it in the uk   i guess they make it without the lung .
[us] fifa does not care about politics anymore , they only care about the money they make off the host country , since that country is russia i would nt expect fifa to condemn them for this .
[russia] probably nothing good on the official government channels , you know the drill  regardless i do nt need constant media coverage to formulate my opinion of it and whether it should exist or not in the first place .
[russia] all descriptions of the actual book mention that little detail , but details are too boring for reddit , and the link source never explicitly claims that these are firsthand accounts , so whoever here was misled to think otherwise has only themselves to blame .
[russia] the image was snapped by photographer alexander nemenov on march 31 , 1995 , at an  orthodox cemetery  in chechnya s capital , grozny , according to the afp photo archive .
[russia] what must really rustle your jimmies is the fact that those rights had to be pried from the cold dead hands of capitalists and western sympathizers that you sent 18 armies in to prop up .
[us] i ca nt tell you how many people freaked out in 2008 when they thought russia had invaded georgia the us state , and not the country .
[russia] note  dimitarru think there are no problems in russia if dimitarru s did nt encounter them personally , does nt understand them or does nt see them as problems  i.e.
[us] additionally , they asked that the united states and its allies halt all arms control surveillance flights by russia carried out under the open skies treaty .
[russia] 10 years ago my 73yo grandmother tried to get one of documents required to receive russian citizenship and she was threatened by armed people to leave the region  new owner of real estate decided she s there to get the house back .
[russia] nowadays the opportunities are much better , of course , especially if you are from a big city , but a lot of sovietera social lifts are gone .
[russia] sure , maybe to someone weird or quirky or with a weird sense of humour or something else , but it s still mostly normal people .
[us] unemployment can be reduced by the government creating jobs in this industry , and perhaps to educate people so they can get these jobs , but i do nt see how to basic income helps us do this , if anything it detracts by costing money that could otherwise be used there .
[russia] even so , in  declining  economy people are getting fired left , right and center , salaries are being cut and getting a new job is actually  harder  , it already happened in 0809 years , what makes you think that this time will be any different
[russia] you unlikely hear from russian objective journalists as well since russian companies would be punished for financing them , and foreign companies would nt invest in such a risky business all the more so because state does everithing to block access to objective media  blocking websites , hostile takeovers , force their rebroadcasting partners to resign contracts , etc  .
[russia] as  mcdonalds network  430 restaurants with  2b profit  is about to be shut down by authorities   httptop.rbc.ruretail27072014939211.shtml   apparently as an answer to western sanctions .
[us] but you leave out an important dimension , when you write   the only responsibility we have , is making sure that europe s interest are protected and that we continue to grow strong .
[russia] i know you finns are just suffering from an inferiority complex , so i will excuse your homophobic remark and your bile  it s ok that you are nt as cool as swedes
[us] httpwww.aap.orgenusabouttheaapaappressroompagesnewbornmalecircumcision.aspx  parents make decisions for their kids all the time  treating the health of their kid and taking professional recommendations seriously is part of being a good parent .
[us] we americans do nt know that they override future policy freedom at all  in fact , with good reason , when they are explained to us , most americans get angry and insist  with good reason , i think  that its unconstitutional .
[russia] i m not responsible for the weapons trade i m not responsible for putin even more because there is no democracy in russia , yet everyone here shits on russians even though we could nt get rid of putin even if we tried   and we have people dying every month , jailed every week for going against the current order , while europe and us sits on their couches and chairs doing shit nothing against what their governments do   let me use my example  i am a russian and i frequently get downvoted to 40 or so for saying  anything  in regards to the current situation unless i literally spend a paragraph detailing how much i hate putler and how fucking disgusting my country is and how evil the people are .
[us] tisa   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv2ppqnbxpa4  short descriptive video by sanya reid smith . . more info on tisa  all of these are worth reading  httpwww.cesi.orgtisathethreattopublicservicesbythebackdoor  public services seem to have been moved to tisa  httpwww.worldpsi.orgsitesdefaultfilesdocumentsresearchreporttisaenglr2.pdf httpwww.worldpsi.orgenpsispecialreporttisaversuspublicservices httpcorporateeurope.orgblog342civilsocietygroupsopposederegulationandprivatisationproposedservicesagreementtisa httpourworldisnotforsale.orgensignoninternationalcivilsocietysendslettergovernmentsopposingproposedtradeservicesagreeme httpswikileaks.orgtisafinancial
[russia] note  these  oil bandits   as durov called them  are most likely linked to fsb and igor sechin , sanctioned bureaucrat in putin s government   yesterday putin has said locals have to decide on referendum if they want to rename volgograd back into stalingrad , today his  secretary says putin did not propose to rename volgograd into stalingrad   httptop.rbc.rupolitics06062014929157.shtml    old but good  and new to me   ministry of defense in russia has issued  for retaking crimea  medal with dates   20.02.2014  16.032014   httpnews.bigmir.netukraine810912fotomedalizavozvracsheniekrymavyzvaliskandal   .
[russia] if you drink then people will start to call you  brother  after couple rounds  for some it may take longer but it will happen sooner or later  .
[us] a 2012 online survey of australian doctors   httpwww.australiandoctor.com.aunewslatestnewsstrongoppositiontonewborncircumcision  found 74  believed newborn circumcision should not be offered and 51  considered it tantamount to child abuse saying it should never be performed .
[russia] you somehow have to identify what portion of those leaving russia are of the intelligentsia in order to prove your argument true at all in the first place .
[russia] fuck russia , damn poland to hell , this is about  ukraine  killing its own civilians and using the deaths of innocents to trick paranoid warmongers such as yourself into ignoring them while they kill  more  innocent civilians .
[russia] says the person who just spouted the absolutely disgusting line   there is such a vast disproportion in the contribution of the different peoples of the world regarding progressing the species , i find it ludicrous to limit the european   colonists  to its borders .
[russia] i know i ll get a lot of downvotes , and a lot more angry responses , many of which will be directed at my flair , and not even touch the contents of my post .
[us] that is why i think spain has had a more violent relationship between the government and their people including all out civil wars and brutal dictatorships .
[us] i ve been told it s harrowing , but if you are legitimately married then it s not a problem to pass their tests .
[us] if finland is at the mercy of russia who they have  meh  relations with , why dont they try to start expanding their markets elsewhere .
[us] the same issues apply in the us to health care but here its even worse , and the fta causes behind the scenes are covered up even more aggressively .
[us] it s about a bloc of countries in the eurozone being critical of germany s approach to the crisis in the eurozone , and you mentioned nothing about that and instead talked about the us .
[us] not really , the war lasted for years and years while folks protested , and protests are far from the sole reason the us backed out of the war .
[russia] it s not like there is any decent working phone that is an alternative to iphone , i mean , why else would they all use apple
[us] link to a long list of organizations   httpwww.bilaterals.orgsocialmovements   who take a critical look at the so called  free trade  ideology and its so called  agreements  .
[us] but if you re inside you have to do it quietly and then glare disapprovingly at the person next to you when people start to smell it .
[us] while i m fine with people leaving their boys uncut , banning the practice strikes most americans as a pretty narrowminded reaction that does nt fully look at the medical positives to the procedure .
[us] good job on stereotyping , now if you could do half a good job at being able to back the drivel you spew with fact you d be golden .
[russia] i guess it s kind of sarcasm or doublespeak   registracia  assumes minor procedure which should be quick and easy , but in reality exactly the opposite is happening .
[russia] as a result nobody believes in fairness of these elections , i intentionally went to vote 10 minutes before the closing and on my dual page in a list of voters i was 6 s who voted out of 20 who had to .
[us] in contrast , a state which has consented to be bound by a treaty through ratification  accession or definitive signature , is governed by the rules on withdrawal specified in the treaty concerned  arts .
[russia] look at eastern europe gas prices and baltic states , you might see a pattern here  you want to move away from russia s influence , prepare to open your wallet both as a country and as population in general .
[us] also , there is a significant chance that the drought in the us southwest may turn into a 100 year drought , as seems to happen every few hundred years . . httpwww.usatoday.comstoryweather20140902californiamegadrought14446195 if thats the case , we ll need cheap energy to protect agriculture in california and the southwest  and provide drinking water , also fracking , which they want to increase , could foul precious water supplies with endocrine disruptors . . especially if the water table drops , concentration of contaminants would rise .
[russia] now , to deal with your final point , as impolitely as you phrased it  there is no reason for ukraine not to seek closer ties with the eu .
[russia] um , you ca nt just handwave away invading poland , estonia , lithuania , and latvia by calling it  adding some buffer states .
[us] here is something new chernobyl s land is not getting less radioactive at the rate they predicted , its getting less radioactive at around 14 that rate .
[russia] they are not incompetent enough to send a marked apc column into ukrainian held territory mere kilometers away from a convoy under heavy international scrutiny .
[us] no , i am saying  it will be like other trade agreements  and the world has crumbled for by now , millions of people because of them .
[us] during the european economic crisis  my point was that , only 15 years after its introduction , for so many people around the world to be questioning it does not bode well for the   someday the euro will be as strong as the dollar or stronger    the euro will take its place as a reserve currency  argument .
[us] germany tries to act like a big , important nato member while it s actions  undermaintaining it s equipment , underfunding it s military in general  say it fully expects the english and french speakers to bail it s ass out if it really needs it .
[russia] reurope both hates putin and claims he rigged the elections to get into power but at the same time they also hate russia because we supposedly voted him into power .
[us] but i m telling you , that point of view is  not  how most jews see this measure  because  of two millennia of european antisemitism , including multiple instances of circumcision being used as a way to identify and punish jews .
[us] all of those problems would be solvable without a lot of drama  if we simply made it a national priority to do so now .
[us] according to some of the folks here , gats has no isds , the 1990s era gats is still quite nasty , its the reason the nhs is being privatized .
[russia] compared to these other historical personalities are nt exactly hated  history of rufed is too controversial  for example tataromongols have createdunited russian provinces into state  but killed nearly 50  of population in the process  .
[russia] but a lot of my friends want to emigrate the hell out of russia , so you re right , the more antiputin russians are leaving , and his fans are staying so things are becoming worse and worse .
[russia] putin may be a shitty megalomaniac dictator , but whenever i look at the people on this sub , they re not better , they are circlejerking bullies and cretins , or racist pricks who will condemn russia s nationalism and racism and then put on a hitler hat and declare that  x country is for x people  dammit  so many times i hear this , i do nt know if anyone here has a sense of irony  and that roma are the scum of the earth .
[us] with finance ministers and global investors pinning their hopes on europe s largest economy and powerhouse lifting the eu trading bloc out of the doldrums , the data sent the markets running .
[russia] i remember the ss had tatar units , so i guess there was a cause , even if it was nt a just one .
[russia] i guess that if someone states things like  many of the seperatists are actually russian  or  they get their weapons and supplies from the same place  , there was some research done that can be linked .
[us] if obama caves in to pressure from the turks  and from members of his own administration  to begin directly bombing assad and establishing a nofly zone over syria , the turks will provide groundtroops .
[russia] while russians of course were traditionally homophobic to some extent  in russia homosexuality was decriminalized only in 1993 , depatologolized in 1999  , you ca nt ignore importance of putin hate propaganda .
[russia] what i see is a bunch of  exceptions  by icj and quite a hypocritical stance on international affairs , far from being  honest , transparent or motivated by humanism  .
[russia] russian   challenge   there s no russian word that describes something hard , something that tests your skills , but something you can overcome and improve yourself through that as well .
[us] it s also worth noting that the major user of water is agriculture , overall using about 80  , industrial most of the rest , with municipal a relatively small amount .
[us] i did nt say hungary or czech do nt have a right to do so , it s just that the rest of the eu is all about the sanctions .
[us] poland is literally doing better than russia in every way and you are sitting around moping and complaining because you ca nt be more like russia .
[us] he was guarding a building with a machine gun when the tanks were rolling in , and he was suddenly surprised by a russian .
[us] so now you can no longer , at least here in  reurope , pretend that these ugly facts are  conspiracy theories  and that your usually unsupported assertions deserve trust and little in the way of actual scrutiny for whether they are true or not  they arent , as shown by the fact that its now again been admitted that the ttip .
[russia] bulk prices for certain products have  increased by 100  already   httpflashnord.comnewsrusskoemoreuvelichilootpusknuyucenunalososvdvaraza   salmon for example  and its local manufacturer belongs to the families of government officials and  pocket oligarchs   .
[russia] all relevant personal information in the liveleak article is newsworthy , it s an exploration of the european origins of some of the nazis in ukraine s national guard .
[us] moving planes and ships , even moving convoys along its borders , allows russia to  listen  to nato s reactions and assess their capabilities .
[russia] when in moscow you should visit  pushkin museum   httpwww.artsmuseum.ruposterexhibitionslangen  ,  tretyakovskaya gallery   httpwww.tretyakovgallery.ruen  , kremlin   diamond fund   httpwww.moscow.infomuseumsstatediamondfund.aspx   the armory   cosmonaut museum in korolyov  not in moscow , in korolyov you can see actual space crafts  .
[us] i can honestly understand the confusion and a lot of times people trying to talk about differences in states and how each one has different laws concerning abortion , death penalty , education , healthcare , etc is drowned out .
[us] the quietly more and more corrupt governments in the developed countries are trying to maintain and make more onerous the hierarchy at all costs .
[us] i m guessing that most people in other european countries would actually have less of a problem with a nuclear germany than we would ourselves i met this estonian girl in denmark once a few years back , and at one point in the night she turned to me and said  as i had been living in germany for two years or so at that point   i  hate  germany
[russia] also , you ca nt say  poltora  with plural nouns in nominative , which is a big problem since the word for a 24hour day is  sutki  , a plural noun .
[russia] as a sidenote russian media portrays klitchko as merkels puppet and tbh i do think that merkel is superheavyweight politician and klitchko is infant in that regard  .
[us] well , we have nt had a world war in a bit , even through some of the most intense cold wars history has known .
[russia] that s why there are so many politicians worldwide those that feel animosity towards the internet , especially , i guess , towards archive and search sites .
[russia] early last week , the ukranianian msm reported that their glorious army had  fought off  an  armed separatist attack  against their base in mariupol , killing one  separatist  , wounding three and capturing sixty .
[us] hopefully any toxins we are facing should be in moderation so that they do nt cause such mass epidemics of obesity why and how could that be if they go unregulated
[us] the united states will not allow itself to be placed in a position where they might look expansionist and imperialistic without a  just cause for freedom .
[russia] that would be exactly the case if the bodies first were hold in morgue , then hastily buried because morgue freezers stopped working and then unburied what
[russia] examples are plenty and then some , but about russian eu membership , again i am not a policymaker , i am just a dude who likes to read about stuff and sometimes i comment on things .
[us] the problem with the current system is that it skips having that expressed in the voting record  without that , people will  never  be comfortable with the prospect of throwing away votes , which third parties very much become in most electoral systems .
[russia] possibility of war on 2 fronts was also there  or if you are cynical enough , join in on the side of the country which was loosing , so that other one would not get  too stronk  , meanwhile supplying them both and making a fortune .
[us] also , just for reference , you might be surprised by countries like finland when it comes to lowlevels of gun ownership  germany when it comes to legalized samesex marriage .
[us] if you use your credit card correctly in the us by paying your bill when it is due , the credit card company never has your money at any point in time .
[russia] but ussr at least did it as a desperate measure to give our better chance of survival , and us did it when there was the war was already decided and they have nt faced any problems with survival .
[us] that statement is part of a shameless disinformation campaign to keep americans in the dark about the scope of the rights being given away by the legislators of both parties in collusion  it seems to me that desite the occasional hearing where they go to lengths to trivialize the magnitude of the problem  smetimes its unavoidble  the overwhelming tendency is to try to hide this issue .
[us] i can however call bullshit because i ve seen plenty of british television and movies make plenty of use of nonwhite characters with open talk about their race .
[russia] string in the header is the synopsis of that i see and hear  including news , opinions of my friends , journalists , bloggers , official propaganda and rumors .
[us] hundreds of years of history have gotten us to this point and it s not some accident that we re currently entering a major shifting point in human history , the evolement of government beyond the nationstate being just one .
[us] large businesses are sitting on piles of money , but choose not to invest  aka hire workers and build new factories  because they do nt see a market for their goods in europe .
[us] bilaterals.org page on access to medicines  many , many articles . .    httpwww.bilaterals.orgmedicines  central america  medicines  a trade agreement s impact on access to generic drugs   httpcontent.healthaffairs.orgcontent285w957.full  guatemala  ttip and the big pharma wishlist   httpwww.bilaterals.orgttipandthebigpharmawishlist  a report by the commons network and civil society partners shows that the pharmaceutical industry s wish list for the ttip is detrimental for public health , will increase the cost of medicines and undermines democratic processes  mdecins sans frontires warns about ip inclusion in asian fta   httpwww.bilaterals.orgmedecinssansfrontiereswarns   ama warns on risks lurking in tpp trade deal   httpwww.bilaterals.orgamawarnsonriskslurkingintpp  the australian medical association  ama  has urged the australian government to reject provisions in the trans pacific partnership agreement  tpp  that  could undermine the pharmaceutical benefits scheme and compromise the ability of governments to improve public health  .
[russia] maybe they do nt want to live in a country where the government is overthrown by a mob every time the government makes a decision that one part of the country does nt like
[us] they would be ignored because it is cheaper and more efficient to campaign in metro areas versus spanning several states and still not reaching as many people .
[us] obviously it was part pr , and that s the interesting part for foriegn press to report on , but you can do it in a way that does nt completely belittle the entire country .
[us] shoot , i live near a church of jesus christ , which is an offshoot of the kkk and has ties to the aryan nations extremist group .
[us] moreover , it would require the russian postal service to actually deliver a letter to its destination in order to spread the homogay from the stamp , which would be a small miracle in itself .
[us] another possibility would be to redefine the eu s deficit rules to exclude investment spending , which would allow governments to run bigger deficits , again with the ecb providing a backstop .
[russia] germany behaved extremely aggressively and revanchistlike prior to any of the events in eastern europe taking place and they had their reasons for it  mostly economical and bitterness over treaty of versailes  .
[russia] russian senators are already making laws needed for instant acquisition of new territories and without any doubts these laws will be used for ossetia and abkhazia  not only for crimea and eastern ukraine  soon  .
[us] he was literally complaining about how badly uk was treated by usa while it was trying to invade and take over egypt yet again .
[russia] but ideally eu and the us would like to see a weak russia , which eu and the us was happy to see in the 90s .
[russia] you can check my recent history if you want , i explained how i see what west represents and how some russians feel about it .
[russia] motherfuckers just bragged about stealing buk missile complex from ukranian military base , and supposedly shooting military cargo an25 plane , and now they  do nt have such weapons  .
[russia] you are correct  dying for worthless dictators in meaningless wars is russians  specialty however i hope that imminent scandal around thousands of dead and wounded russian soldiers will demonstrate the scale of the invasion to the world so eu , us , nato will start to help ukraine with something more tangible .
[us] if you google the phrases  regulatory capture  or  control fraud  you ll find a body of fairly recent work by people who have attempted to draw some conclusions about the general shape of this modern scourge of corruption .
[us] the precedent set is nt one that opens the door to germany choosing to do it , it s one that opens the door to it being forced on germany , and forced on belgium , and the idea of that would scare the fuck out of the united kingdom  france .
[russia] i am so sorry that i dared to suggest that prior events and relationshipsexperience might have something to do with molotov ribbentrop pact and division of poland .
[us] clearly the 2008 election was a joint effort on the part of both parties to cover up a scheme to deceive the american people on health care ,  in other words , using isds to lock the country into bad hc . . more truly  criminogenic  deregulation of the financial industrybailouts more fracking and a big bailout of the ponzi scheme for frackers , in ttip ... and continued militarism .
[russia] during his rule he set up things in local administration apparatus to guarantee fabrication of any needed results in any election , and in 2011  12 he provided 87  for putin with 90  turnout and 93  for united russia with turnout of 94  .
[russia] maybe they are talking about irrelevant buk 312 photo published by the sbu  it was nt manipulated however , just taken out of context .
[russia] even though i grew up in a house full of albums with paintings of van eyck , rubens , van dyck  when i thought about belgium first painting i recalled was  the son of man   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikithesonofman  by ren magritte .
[us] we are following this issue as it develops and call on russia to act expeditiously to ensure the employee is returned safely and immediately to estonia .
[russia] as for event horizon id say next 5 years is crucial for survival of russia in its current incarnation , if we fail , then i can see same problems that plagued russia in xx century making a spectacular comeback and history might repeat itself   so overall a 10 year time lag  .
[us] subway   httpwww.metrowalkz.comimageschicagoctamaptrain.gif   local rail   httpwww.mappery.commapschicagometramap.mediumthumb.gif  there are two international airports that also serve the city and are on 24 hour subway lines ,  meaning that you do nt need a car ever to get straight into the terminal .
[russia] if i were crimean native i d think again before inviting russians as it means chechens will be invited too  and they have rich traditions of purging russians  chechnya had 45  ethnic russians before 1988  chechens killed a lot of russians   ukrainians , greeks  in abkhazia during ethnic cleansing in 19921994 .
[russia] these territories can not become states because so is practically deserted  2030k people  , and  100k abkhazians  100 k armeniansgeorgians  are incapable to create and sustain a state  thus they demand to join rufed dejure , defacto it happened 22 years ago .
[us] the great  and terrible  thing about the us is that if you get fired or retaliated against because your employer does nt want to pay you the mandated wages , you can take their ass to court and sue for damages and wrongful termination .
[us] hell , when i visited canada , i could only spot three differences  currency , units of street signs , and the name on license plate showed a canadian province , not a us state .
[us] five years in europe has given me a nose for sensing certain points of view people sometimes try to get across without explicitly saying it .
[us] plus , i just do nt think a powerful upper house   not saying you would support such , only speaking theoretically   could ever exist in the uk   or the western world for that matter   without a democratic mandate , and i just ca nt see the house of commons willfully sacrificing their authority or endangering it by giving the lords that   a allelected body   .
[us] for the last decade , many of the recent corporate buyers of those formerly public postwar buildings   investors   are trying to force the long term rent stabilized residents out  the tenants are living on borrowed time , only the slow us economy has prevented massive gentrification  sometimes , this battle has been a brutal one that includes acts by some of the worst  investors  to make buildings un live able .
[russia] during this week he said kazakhstan was created on a territory which never had any state ,  nazarbaev said kazakhstan may leave eurasian union   httpnewsru.comworld31aug2014nazarbaev.html  .
[us] i am not at all sure about what is required by the so called  provisional application  do parts of it take effect immediately , even before its ratified
[us] if it is nt relevant to being able to fight and win wars  specifically , the sort of wars they are expecting to fight  why bring it up
[russia] i mean , srsly , i can understand the idea behind crimea annexation as being not worth complete meltdown of international relations between europe  u.s vs russia  not that i am an avid supporter of it  , in this respect we  only  completely destroy our future relations with 40 million ukrainians .
[russia] is the same as criticizing us intelligence for not connecting the dots and saying shit like  oh that s just us , that s what they always want  kill innocent civilians  but i never saw that here , i wonder why .
[us] this is usually not an issue for any immigrants here , but these people who came here as very young refugees who did not speak english are now doing very well for themselves .
[russia] as it turns out , my ability to detect bullshit is higher than yours , but this mostly has to do with the fact that i lived all my life in russian informational field and there is plenty of bullshit here , hence i am not as gullible as people like you .
[us] what a tragedy it would be if nations were to forego the tremendous longrun benefits of capitalism out of fear that there might be violence in the shortrun against those who take advantage of business opportunities the earliest .
[russia] i never whitewashed or justified war crimes of soviet union , what i never understood was the  soviet union and nazi germany started ww2  argument .
[us] the taxes in barcelona would nt only be reinvested in barcelona  they d fund projects in the rest of catalonia , in the countryside and outlying towns .
[russia] httpi.imgur.comygr3glk.jpg1   ,   slam the door , become a cripple   httpi.imgur.comwdjul2h.jpg   ,  do nt drink and eat in marshrutka , the driver envies  ,  customer is always right as long he s alive   httpi.imgur.comuuzhlgg.jpg  ,   want out
[russia] this autumnwinter is gon na be action packed i guarantee it  navalny , unfortunately , might share fate of magnitsky or have a sudden heart attack .
[us] there is nothing covert about ukraine except countries playing along that it is up for debate so that they do nt have to have a harsh response to it .
[russia] our countrymen do nt want changes and most of the people feel good , secure , and productive , because of different views on  good  ,  secure  and  productive  .
[us] in contrast , a state which has consented to be bound by a treaty through ratification  accession or definitive signature , is governed by the rules on withdrawal specified in the treaty concerned  arts .
[us] and anyone can set up a fake twitter account , especially if you know in advance that the plane will be shot down on that day .
[russia] first he d occupy it , only to magnanimously give it back to ukraine under very favorable terms  for russia  , but keeping those prorussian voters within ukraine .
[us] they do have people in turkey , but if isis starts a war in turkey it will become much harder for them to get supplies smuggled across the border .
[russia] you can debate georgias role and speculate if they were a  probe  , test of grounds for red line and where russia exactly stands , caz previously russia was loosing its sphere of influence one by one , without any kind of fight .
[russia] surkov , kremlin bureaucrat , was  seen in sweden 2 days after eu imposed sanctions against him   httponline.wsj.comarticlebtco20140327706746.html   including entry prohibition    tourist visas to russia will be  easier to obrain   httptop.rbc.rusociety28032014914163.shtml  .
[russia] please give an evaluation of red brigades and allies actions during spanish civil war with well known participation of luftwaffe  or whatever it was called back then  .
[us] i challenge chief scientist john beddington and environmentalists like george monbiot or any of the pundits now downplaying the risks of radiation to talk to the doctors , the scientists , the mothers , children and villagers who have been left with the consequences of a major nuclear accident .
[us] the way my country is depicted on reddit as being uniquely devout is not the country i see in my day to day life .
[us] i would suggest a division based loosely on the anglosaxon kingdoms of wessex , mercia , east anglia , essex , and northumbria , plus cornwall , which really ought to be considered a separate nation since they re britons , not anglosaxons , and once had their own language .
[us] so for the poorer people the goverment will be paying a small income and the rent on existing housing will be payed or there will be built decent houses to live in for free .
[russia] in practice , the two times that chechnya assumed de facto independence ended catastrophically  no pensions , criminalization , wahhabi camps , return of slavery , mass ethnic cleansing of russians that western human rightists could nt care less about  .
[us] if they went backstage before the show and saw brown mm s , they would immediately put everything on hold so a safety check could be done .
[russia] shall we also count all of the hastily compiled accusations flying out of the mouths of the various  honest  western news sources , who suddenly knew without a doubt that putin and russia were to blame , before the corpses of the dead had even had time to cool
[russia] there were a ton of indication that japs were itching to fight and have their share of  lebensraum  , look at the map of asia and look how close sakhalin , vladivostok and khabarovsk to them are .
[russia] it suppose to work like this  violent coup supported by the other half of the country , throwing away anything southeast wants in the trash and the whole world cheers to the new democracy
[russia] recent life expectancy data is always speculative , so in the end the dramatic rise in life expectancy in the past five years may not hold .
[us] you might not realize this , but despite whatever views me  you might hold , they are not the views held by everybody else .
[us] they keep trying to roll out the same laundry list of bad ideas , failing and then trying again a few years later  but never learning the lesson that isds is failing to be seen as acceptable for a good reason , its a threat to democracy . .
[russia] i ca nt blame tv crews for little cheating , because no one actually cares about quality and ratings , only narrative has a meaning on stateowned channels .
[us] the long and short of it was that the soviet invasion of manchuria probably had more of a effect than most americans like to think , but ultimately not anywhere near what some other  usually russian  people think .
[russia] no gallup , no pew , no biker mice from mars , no one could make a poll here , at least   from   since the recent times .
[russia] maybe they do nt want to be part of a country that left the ussr as an agricultural and industrial powerhouse , and instead of prospering , pissed it all away
[us] because of the solar storm risk  that would be much wiser than suddenly subjecting us here in the us to sudden , rapid jumps in the cost of energy .
[us] get our planet s best minds together and do what it takes to make it possible for even if a solar storm occurs , for our planet s critical infrastructure to prevent large numbers of deaths .
[us] even if we re talking about the things which the us does to prisoners in cuba , we re still completely apples to oranges here .
[us] it was really nice to lie in the hot pools , then come out and get covered up with mud , and let it dry in the sun . . really pulls the bad things out of your body . . its really a healing kind of thing .
[us] it s not just  we need a drop of blood ,  it s because they need to do a circumcision , but there s no foreskin to circumcise , so in lieu of that , they draw a single drop of blood from where the penis was originally circumcised and the circumcision is thereafter considered to have been ritually done as if it were done on the eighth day .
[russia] german anthropologist johann friedrich blumenbach thought that the skull of one woman from the caucasus was the most perfectly proportioned skull of a white person , hence the name .
[russia] i know you re being nice about it , but people like you , who wish the utter ruination of my country and government and society , quite frankly scare me and are the reason a lot of russians have a distrust towards europeans .
[russia] unless she had a couple of millions of debt in her name  in terms of mortgage , credits and so on  and bulgaria has no inheritance of debt by family members  or something of the sort  , going full tibet is hardly the answer .
[russia] sorry , i rephrased the old bible quote   why do you see the speck that is in your brother s eye , but do not notice the log that is in your own eye
[russia] the majority of the fighters there are still locals , there is a growing influx of russians , but it is nt surprising seeing how the people right across the border are the same , they too speak russian with a ukrainian accent .
[us] as an american the thing that pissed me off most about the iraq war is that it cost 6 trillion dollars , that s just an unfathomable amount .
[russia] no , of course you do nt want to accuse me of anything , it just russia is chauvinistic , imperialistic , racist , fascistic , whateveristic and i probably need to feel bad of it .
[us] if there was some grand conspiracy to seize control of ukraine , they would not be holding elections  this really is nt so suprising , the us did the same in latin america , central asia , ukraine , through the ned and soros .
[us] even if the procedure was painful when i was a baby , it did nt do any permanent harm and i  obviously  have no recollection of the procedure ... doing it nowadays though would scare the crap out of me
[us] we ve seen it time and again  the un can be safely ignored in most circumstances  because they ca nt use force most of the time  .
[us] why should you take the advice of people who pushed a economy into a doubledip recession , reduced it to stagnant growth  who now have caused it to teeter on the edge of deflation
[us] no , the point i was making was that spain is complaining that gibraltar belongs to spain and yet they control land that blatantly does nt belong to spain in olivenza .
[us] usa does not need to somehow try to charm israel with doing favor like not recognizing palestine , israel needs usa considerably more than usa needs israel .
[russia] right sector blackmails the illegal government it helps install , and when its demands are met it goes back to fighting in the east .
[russia] as it turned out up until crimea , all of it was bullshit  but a lie repeated 100 000 times worked pretty well and the sentiment of euromaidan was  strongly  antirussian  including the infamous  deal   .
[us] i know a lot is made of it but in the end i guess people just assume that people of irish heritage embracing their ancestors culture  even if it is somewhat bastardized  would be accepted in ireland instead of met with malice and contempt .
[russia] the treatment of russia after the fall of ussr in some ways reminds me of postwwi germany , and we all know how that ended up .
[us] so while those four years are expensive , you really do become part of the family , and always get to wear your colors proudly
[us] if there would be a book about shitty allies , israel would be somewhere in there along with italy ... considering usas dealings in the middle east for the last decade and half , and any lack of contribution that israel put forward ... yeah its not that great eh , israel earned their keep during the cold war  very important that they also made peace with egypt which kept the suez canal open for international trade to expand .
[russia] as for exaggeration to some point and bias , well , if you ca nt find just the same in the western media , i have bad news for you .
[us] the rns best surface warships are the type 45 destroyers , which are limited in capability   fitted for , but not with land attack weapons   , and the much ballyhooed paams management system is nt that great a asset as the rn claims .
[russia] fine , since any comparisons are whataboutism , then the us is a fascist state because they jail everyone at far higher rates than any other state , a state with no democracy because so much fraud and bribes go into elections , a state that is a racist apartheid because of the systematic racism , a state where the rich trod on the poor because of the huge income inequality worse than russia , a true 21st century orwellian dystopia and a shitehole .
[us] in the years leading up to the great recession , from 2000 to 2008 , italy lost around 1.5 million professionals  many of them with very advanced skills .
[us] although the government says this agreement includes none , the text contains phrases just like the ratchet clauses in that of the korus fta  south koreau.s. fta  .
[russia] caricature is nt usually considered as something serious in russian culture , so i think most people went there for a healthy dose of giggles .
[russia] i just seem to run into so many people online that are willing to make excuses for literally any and every action russia takes .
[us] also , it seems as if there is a campaign to prevent middle class kids from even wanting to go to college and being realistic about the need to stay in school and not just get a four year degree , which is a road map to disaster .
[us] economic growth across the 18 countries using the single currency was flat in the second quarter and the bloc is likely to record anaemic growth rates this year .
[russia] in that case , the enemy has 2 choices  1  escalate and suffer more nuclear strikes with the possibility of nuclear war or 2  deescalate and call it quits to stop nuclear strikes
[russia] official version  they did not abduct anyone , she has entered russia voluntarily  she was captured by rebels in luganda and russian authorities insist what  captured by rebels  means  you can go anywhere you want     rufed authorities treat people like animals or slaves without free will  detained ukrainiancrimean activist and movie maker oleg sentsov  acquired  russian citizenship  without his consent and against his will   httpkorrespondent.netukrainepolitics3390828ukraynskohorezhysserasentsovasdelalyhrazhdanynomrossyy   rufed authorities simply fabricated set of papers to prevent access of ukrainian diplomats to him .
[russia] thing is , i know we all have some amount of nationalism in us reflexively , but you have to understand , if you think it is ok to say  latvia for latvians  then you better keep quiet about most of your criticism of russian antics these days because  russians with your exact personality are the ones actually causing all of this trouble  .
[us] unfortunately , some people in the us are wary of dropping the rates on fed loans because they think that cheap loans have been driving up the cost of tuition nationwide .
[us] if you are scared of full scale invasion , simply imagine the amount of troops required for this , concentration of armor and jets  required informational  background  for population depends if putin thinks he can peel off a country without actually getting nato  or the eu , natch  involved .
[us] in a country where the rule of law is respected , how can one region claim that holding an illegal referendum is legitimate and should be respected
[us] i ve been to a number of large football games in europe , including the english national team vs the dutch at wembley , and the atmosphere was nt too electric .
[russia] lithuania s minister of foreign affairs linas linkevicius has said that lithuania , which holds the presidency of the european union , rejects a proposal by the ukrainian cabinet of ministers to establish trilateral dialogue between ukraine , russia , and the european union , the interfax ukraine news agency reports .
[us] would we start to see little alliances popping up within the eu , the alliances of which  like nato  is outside the  bounds  of the eu
[us] i understand that you explicitly said you re just kidding , but it s good to outline exactly why it s a terrible idea hahaha
[us] in many ways , the european union s existence in and of itself is controversial , as it must  by its own virtue  step on the toes of a nation s sovereignty .
[us] even the socalled nuclear winter would nt be that bad , although there will be many environmental disasters that people generally would nt consider that could offset  do nt eat any fish from any ocean in the northern hemisphere after that general exchange , at least for several years  .
[us] a sudden jump in energy prices will give the landlords of these many thousands of large urban apartment buildings a way to create a loophole to clear their buildings of middle income tenants by using the sudden hike as an excuse to decide to go out of the landlord business  and then tearing their buildings down .
[russia] you may have heard of north korea for instance , everyone hates it and yet china enthusiastically props it up because it does nt want rokus bases on its border
[russia] we might remember some time later if it is convenient for us that you have accounts and stuff here , so we can freeze this shit and show that we are with da people though
[us] but compare   zurich   httptravelioo.comimgzurichphoto1.jpg   chicago   httpblog.zealousgood.comwpcontentuploads201107chicagonighttime.jpg   not to mention casual million people coming out to the park   httpblog.masslive.combreakingnews200811large110408obamagrantpark480.jpg  whatever , i m just annoyed .
[russia] upd   u3dom replied that it s ebooks rating and it s irrelevant for the less techsavvy population aka putin s electorate but for some reason the comment was later removed .
[us] how about the transition from europe s bloodiest period  19141945  to a continent divided in two during the cold war and the eventual rise of the european union till where it is today .
[us] it is nt surprising that the countries that despise freedom of press are the biggest proponents of propaganda through every avenue combined with censorship .
[us] this whole thread is full of idiots combined with the arrogance of breaking rules when it pleases their fuck you , i got mine attitude .
[russia] obviously then the  bad guys  went into a buildingh and surrounded themselves with lots of flammable materials so that putler could have a chance to invade .
[russia] i dislike onedimensional approaches and try to argue that you should at least try to  fit in other guys shoes  to understand him better and how can you deal with him .
[russia] via sanctions  sooner rather than later   1  join china , the future global superpower , and serve it from a relatively privileged position   2  piteously beg the west for the honor of being a slave to it and fighting china to the last russian .
[russia] the power of the street is overrated , both in general  even the orange revolution was ultimately the result of a judicial decision  and specifically  the protesters have nowhere near the mass that the arab revolts did , and in any case the violence and radicalization now in evidence will just drive a lot of people away  .
[russia] probably he forgot to share his wealth with fsb and new head of the committee    us stopped negotiations with russian banks about their membership in antilaundering fatca organization   httptop.rbc.rueconomics07052014922360.shtml   it seems banks will have to abandon usd and switch to euro instead   unofficial  committee of crimean tatars declared they are ready to go  underground    httptop.rbc.rupolitics05052014922078.shtml  because they are being persecuted   head of european central bank appraised  capital which escaped from russia during this year  160 billions euro   httptop.rbc.rueconomics09052014922861.shtml  .
[us] being such an astute student of history , i d be willing to bet that guy is from fyrom , the true cradle of western civilization .
[us] i am very much used to people making a sport of down voting me because of my flair here even while saying the obvious truth .
[russia] but somehow i m sure this practice will be extended whenif government will need additional citizens  in case of war  or acquire more territories .
[russia] one longterm study  of previously convicted pedophiles  with an average followup of 25 years  found that  onefourth of heterosexual pedophiles  and  onehalf of homosexual or bisexual  pedophiles went on to commit another sexual offense against children .
[russia] that gas can not be dispatched through winter , there is a bottleneck near russianukraine border , it need to be stored at autumn , or not .
[russia] because if the white guy was holding that flag , you could nt say for sure that he has no relatives that thought in that war i guess .
[us] my point here is that some people consider death to be nothingness , and consider nothingness to be the absolute worst possibility , that no conceivable torture could rival .
[russia] and wait , i tought putler controlls all the media to feed us propaganda , why is there magadan paper publishing this sort of thing
[russia] you are so well controlled by your nation s propaganda that you can not imagine anyone disagreeing with your side unless they re literally being paid to by a conspiracy .
[russia] if russia ca nt even respect their own soldiers controlling information during covert operation  if that actually what s happening  has nothing to do with respect .
[russia] women are nt objects or cumdumpsters , though i can see why someone who accuses anyone who disagrees with him of being srs would think that way .
[russia] london is full of rich russkies who stole money from russia , never hear anything about it when corruption is being brought upon , weird huh
[us] life in poland has literally never been better in their entire history and you are sitting around bitching about the imaginary emperor in berlin and jealous about poor isolated russians dying when they hit 60 and apologizing to your dead grandmother about the whole thing .
[us] some examples   sudan   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiwarindarfur   rwanda   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikirwanda   bangladesh   httpen.wikipedia.orgwiki1971bangladeshgenocide   cambodia   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikicambodiangenocide   burundi   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiburundiangenocide  some actual examples that have resulted in the us doing something   serbia   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisrebrenicamassacre  as we all clearly know , the serbian government is completely being run by the us to advance american interests in harvesting the vast and bountiful resources of serbia
[us] sure you have to be smart and apply yourself , but i did nt go to any fancy high school and i definitely came from a poor part of the country .
[us] the race is emphasized because race is a much bigger part of everyday life and history in the united states as opposed to europe .
[us] i can walk down my street right now and it s nothing for me to see whites , asians , blacks and whoever else out .
[us] the usa continues to grow and has zero trouble paying any of the debt and is the most sought after security in the world .
[russia] while it s widely supported by  the available   httpwww.reddit.comrukrainacomments2c4mazd0bfd0bed0bcd0bdd0b8d182d0b5d0bfd0bed181d182d0b2d0bad0bed182d0bed180d0bed0bcd0bcd18bd181d0bed0b1d0b8d180d0b0d0bbd0b8d0b4d0bed0bad0b0d0b7d0b0d182d0b5d0bbd18cd181d182d0b2d0b0   evidence   httpwww.reddit.comrukrainacomments2ar39bd0bed187d0b5d0bdd18cd0bdd183d0b6d0bdd0bed0b4d0bed0bad0b0d0b7d0b0d182d0b5d0bbd18cd181d182d0b2d0b0d182d0bed0b3d0bed187d182d0bed181d0b5d0bfd0b0d180d0b0d182d0b8d181d182d18b  , while it s the official version of the ua authorities , and most ua journalists  i did nt see a single article in the western media about the issue , nobody even tried to at least investigate it .
[us] like if i were to visit serbia , would i expect to see any gypsies or would i have to intentionally try to find them
[russia] but yeah , you re right , russian propaganda played a huge role in it , it s a zombification yup , the lies on the russian tv are beyond belief .
[russia] i am aware of what my country has done in the past , and that it is not an innocent bystander in this conflict , no need to lecture me on that .
[russia] i share your attitude to modern usage of swastika like this but it seems you did nt read or understand the article you linked , your quote does not state that swastika is not a part of slavic culture , it states that the word  kolovrat  as a name for slavic swastika is nt authentic .
[russia] see assets confiscation of ukrainian oligarchs , ban on food imports and other  adventures   even if  peace is established  how soon will sanctions go away both ways
[russia] while of course ua army killed some civilians  and some of their servicemen with friendly fire  , no doubt that majority were killed by the separatists .
[russia] so when people write that molotovribbentrop pakt was a grand plan of stalin and hitler dividing europe to their liking with dreams of world conquest together , my eyebrows are raised and i wonder what kind of drugs are they doing
[russia] georgia used military to stop advancing russian army which invaded georgia in august , 7  and russian  peacekeepers  turned into invasion force at the very same moment when russian tanks invaded georgia  .
[us] given it s a large state , there are probably going to be a lot of redditors from california that are being fucked by it .
[us] as this was a clear case of social dumping ,  ...   the vaxholm case of swedish  social dumping   the ecj does its job   httpwww.ceps.eubookvaxholmcaseswedishsocialdumpingecjdoesitsjob  2008  sweden  unions agree to wage reduction   httpwww.eurofound.europa.eueiro201212articlesse1212019i.htm   sweden   more social dumping  after easing of labour immigration laws   httpwww.nordiclabourjournal.orgifokusinfocus2013socialdumpingarticle.20130415.1028469787   april 16 , 2013   social dumping in sweden  who is next
[russia] ukraine is in  very  bad shape economically ,  if  they could get another loan from imf  co , how are they going to pay back any of that eventually
[us] it s also part of us culture to say  oh , you re from atlanta , i know people in buckhead ... do you know them
[us] nato still does nt have a mandate to do anything  and hence why the us sits on the sidelines  , but the eu could have done something long ago .
[russia] but everyone seems to look at it , like only at a major fail and weakness , so it s obvious now that there is no point of making kind gestures .
[us] so you think it would be totally cool if ukraine went full blown china with a massacre of citizens and everyone should just watch on twitter and vk
[us] i think , going forward , there s only going to be more internetbased and digitalbased political innovation , organization , and participation , because the extremely low communication cost the technology creates finally allows direct democracy to be feasible .
[us] an in the same way you think america should join the eu on a statebystate basis , i think america , mexico  canada should combine on a statebystate basis .
[us] there is not really any such thing as  culturally european  or  culturally asian   they re arbitrary geographic terms that do nt make sense but are still used for convenience .
[us] it s us who moved quickly to use our soft power  diplomatic support to help the ukrainian government at the beginning of the crisis .
[us] httpbooks.google.debooksidgsh80uc5jycamppgpt347amplpgpt347ampdqtheproblemofconjectureniallfergusonampsourceblampotseuaqil3u97ampsighui1sqiaomu3a7cavfhakg7hiqsamphlenampsaxampeiymsvvlhfcvvaqeogugjampredirescyvonepageampqthe20problem20of20conjecture20niall20fergusonampffalse  that is to say , we have no way of knowing what russia s behavior would have otherwise been like had  europe s american pacifier  been completely returned home .
[russia] vladimir  the great   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikivladimirthegreat  baptized kievan rus , but used it to usurp power and to kill his political opponents in the process  it seems he was jewish  his mother s name was malka , she was nt  royalty   so there is some antisemitism around his name .
[us] britain is in the eu , they ve been in the eu , and they re no more different than germany in that regard .
[us] the central premise was related to   educating them about the fact that the cold war is over and cuba is nt what it used to be .
[us] a  report by fse ,   httpwww.ttip2014.eublogdetailblogofse20study.html  the austrian foundation for development research , released in april this year , analysed four reports on ttip  ecorys  2009  , cepr  2013  , cepii  2013  and bertelsmannifo  2013   in an attempt to answer some of these issues .
[us] this double jeopardy is geared toward locking in privatization , and preventing the water take  backs which have occurred in many u.s. cities dissatised with privatization experiments .
[us] even if it s a sin  and it still is a sin , according to the church  , it s no one s place to judge .
[russia] i know , it s just that normally i am annoyed to find americans , they like to say things not welcome here p they already have the rest of reddit , why invade this sub
[russia] prozvonit  there s an r  does nt mean to just call , it means to call with the intention of leaving a missed call so the person being called can call back
[us] so , obviously , we will never have any more new deal style projects to employ americans who are out of work preferentially in building infrastructure .
[russia] granted this is reddit and  reurope , so comments like yours would be always upvoted since  the enemy is clear and he is right there , on our eastern border
[russia] however , a lot of the donbass  and other volunteer battalions  are grumbling about poroshenko being just another new head oligarch and stupidly remarking that  we will march on kiev with our weapons next  .
[us] the reason they do nt see a market for their goods is because the unemployment rate is high , thus on average people have less money to spend on buying goods .
[russia] we totally can be like that , if you know any russians in real life you probably know that we re normal people and there is no barriers between us really .
[russia] there is a lot of violence and police usually can not find anyone  5  cases here  but random bums to assign 20  crimes to each for better statistics .
[russia] while locals mostly have antimaidan sentiments , they do nt support guys with aks and rpgs either , and some feel pretty strongly against them .
[us] imagine how that would effect dealing with , say , an oil spill , or a really botched operation in a hospital staffed by a multinational staffing firm .
[us] i agree that could be a factor , i think another point is the amount that europeans welcome immigrants to a community compared to america .
[russia] mind you , i tend to agree with the western view of the conflict far more than i agree with the russian view  and it is obvious that putin spends money to curry influence in the west , but the sheer absurdity of this site thinking it s important enough for paid shills to astroturf in a tiny subreddit ... how do people not understand that there are other people with different viewpoints that are passionate about them , without needing to be paid
[us] it may be a smoking gun on the use of the  already existing  gats fta to lock in for private health care in the us , even if this whole scandal is exposed .
[us] unfortunately , some people here in the us do nt understand that  freedom of speech  is nt a free pass to say anything you want under any situation .
[russia] for 3 months the best they could do is to get some kind of ribbon , which is funny , caz today i ve read on lenta.ru an article where journalist in a conversation with  activists  saw handmade press badges  while they obviously were not  .
[russia] httpwww.state.govtavcrls232359.htm , mentioned in the article , says  category of data  usa  ru      deployed icbms , deployed slbms , and deployed heavy bombers  794  528 warheads on deployed icbms , on deployed slbms , and nuclear warheads counted for deployed heavy bombers  1642  1643 where does a number in the title  5000  come from
[russia] if they will attempt to integrate in the society then you get another group of strong men as a result , it should be fine .
[us] the point of stimulus is to inject money into parts of the economy that everyday people use , like roads , bridges , new parks , etc.
[us] while i m sure those things have an effect  or those that are really happening  the fact is it would still be poor regardless .
[us] it was the serbs who made common cause with the ottomans , their alleged oppressors , in the second balkan war against their  slavic brothers  which makes your ethical case difficult to argue .
[russia] we are kinda short on mana right now , so we ca nt use our magic to replace all forbidden imports in an instant .
[us] politically the timeline is nt long enough for people to tolerate mass unemployment and economic stagnation , and more extreme politics will become acceptable and mainstream as the stagnation wears on .
[us] russia also needs huge growth in gdp to just break even or compare to eu or usa who are economic giants on the world stage .
[us] history has no shortage of examples of disorganized entities getting taken over by a united force  russia itself was conquered by the mongol horde because , at the time , it was only a smattering of bickering princedoms and republics  and the eu needs to avoid following suit .
[russia] what a chaos of translators trying to catcb up with what is being said sorry for a minor question , is your tv set digital or analog
[russia] update   russian naval forces had blocked ukrainian border guards in balaklava   httplenta.runews20140228rus     link to official ukrainian site   httpdpsu.gov.uauaaboutnewsnews3401.htm   10 russian military helicopters have crossed ukrainian borders   video   httpwww.youtube.comwatchv2tvypihvz1aampfeatureyoutu.be   .
[russia] russians also respect ordnung as in  order  quite a lot , which is why some people like stalin a lot , since in their minds he was  strong and fair leader with functioning state apparatus   difference in culture , history and traditions i guess .
[us] i do nt give a fuck , it s a crucial distinction in reality and the dude above is an absolute piece of shit for believing what he s indicated with his choice of wording .
[russia] however , russian command claimed that georgian forces retreated into georgia , but continued bombardment of south ossetia from there , so russia was in the right to neutralize them .
[russia] the west set a precedent in that time that you can do whatever the fuck you want if you want it bad enough , while putin was protesting on the sidelines .
[russia] now that would be true and no one would be denying that it helped out immensely but would americans not be upset by another nation comparing material aid with what the us would have had to endure
[us] of course that would kill any hope of ukraine staying together or reuniting from anywhere to halfacentury to a century , if not more , but meh , there ar nt many good options .
[us] the house does nt get to vote on it , but if the implementation of the treaty requires the expenditure of funds , the house can block , or at least impede , it s implementation by refusing to vote for the appropriation of the necessary funds   which ties into my earlier point about only the house being able to propose spending bills   .
[russia] they both have a juicy trade agreement ... and they have access to the eu s single market and they adopt most eu legislation related to that market .
[us] i m not saying it s good , because it just makes the rich rcher and screws the little people , but default is not a worry .
[russia] even current russia did not materialized overnight , it had quite a history and the single most damaging factor would be 90s style of democracy if i were to make a call , but there were other events of course , so its always  not that simple  .
[russia] it s funny to see so many posts that are basically translated copies of english posts off reddit9gag etc. , to think that someone takes the time to translate them .
[russia] i got the first and last part but not the middle    i do nt like people who show the soviet flags as rallies because i do nt know if they re stalinists or just people who stand for the poststalinist ussr  and even then , why would you want another brezhnev   .
[us] we also have a category of cards called debit cards , but that s just like writing a check  the money comes directly out of your bank account and you do nt earn rewards .
[us] apparantly you can run away from charts , graphs , reams of economic data , and official statements from the imf as long as it is reported by insidious british media .
[russia] first places to look would be loosing grasp on central asian republics and big troubles in eurasian union  whatever that thing was called anyway  .
[us] while that may be true , it s easy to say that when the us provides more money overall than all other member nations combined .
[russia] there were some corrections in civil codex last year and i heard there are severe penalties for violations of passport regime  example  2 weeks of jail time for expired internal passport  .
[us] if the uk does something to undermine american interests  aka the suez crisis  then the us wo nt hesitate to force them out , but that is different than having the uk join the coalition in iraq or afghanistan .
[russia] we may not love putin , but as russian people will try to vote practically like any citizens , as long as putin keeps the economy going , he will get votes .
[russia] how what they ancestors did still affected their lives ... and the challenges of protecting their families as they pass their name down to future generationsor decide not to produce any descendants at all .
[us] though i ve never seen this outside of reddit , it makes arguing on  reurope  3  very tiresome , because i personally wholeheartedly welcome foreign opinions .
[russia] i mean her  businessman  son sergei matvienko  just like it happened with putin s banker    following us sanctions russian lawmakers have proposed  fresh  idea to create russian credit card system  initially it was proposed back in 2010 and quickly sank due to lack of enthusiasm despite pr support .
[us] most of what i ve learned has been from museums that are undoubtedly biased but were telling the story of  why  many in the south were so bitter .
[russia] belorussian economic performance in terms of gdp  ppp  per capita growth since 1991 has been stellar , comparable only to estonia  the best performing of the socalled  baltic tigers   and azerbaijan  which concurrently quintupled oil production  and  enjoyed the tenfold increase in oil prices  .
[russia] back in the ussr we had similar problems , some historical periods were considered  difficult  and it was of prime importance not to go rushing into them and letting loose phrases which may hurt you politically .
[us] this isnt some antifta campaigner s phrase , this is the way they are described to one another in the literature by its advocates .
[russia] you should also take into account that a lot of polls are conducted over the phone , which means 100  ability to identify the respondent .
[us] i     swear     to     fucking     god ,     if     i     need     to     add     a      sarcasm      tag     to     this     comment ,     you re     some     stupid     mother     fuckers .
[us] 12 and he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you , every male throughout your generations , he that is born in the house , or bought with money of any foreigner , that is not of thy seed .
[russia] now , because you have nt expanded and improved , you has lost your job and source of income  your country lost taxpayer and money instead of flowing  in  poland , are gon na go  out  to ukraine , thus even more improving ukraine s economical position allowing it to buy even more goods and services and poland falling behind even more .
[russia] i doubt your right sector buddies follow putin s orders on killing patriots or anything else for that matter , i m sorry to say .
[russia] turkey never  got  any coverage even before crimea shitstorm , you can not deny the fact that european and united states officials went to the capital of foreign nation and actively encouraged protesters to fight against regime , while covertly supporting them through shadows .
[russia] or he was just a  scapegoat  to pacify public  it s common practice for police in russia  to accuse random bum in 1030 crimes for better statistics  .
[russia] although it is true that the amount of sanctions russia could conceivably bring to bear against the euus without damaging it s own economy severely is , at best , moderate .
[russia] also  80  approval rating  in reality means  20  openly disagree , others are nt sure or agree   among people i know nobody think  ukrainian adventure  will have positive effect for the country but exactly the opposite and most think putin has made huge mistake thinking georgianmoldovan  peacekeeping invasion  scenario could work in a country with 45m population .
[us] part of the shift in us military doctrine after wwii was to never let something like pearl harbor happen again , the us military was pretty pathetic before the outbreak of war yet by the wars end we had the largest navy in the world .
[russia] but a cnn investigation in luhansk has found clear evidence that whatever detonations hit the building and the adjoining park came from the air .
[russia] mostly towards those with crossborder ethnic ties to foreign nationstates in the 1930s or compromised in the view of stalin during the great patriotic war in the 1940s  , although nationbuilding often continued simultaneously for others .  this changes it a little bit , do nt it
[russia] this is a simple case of putting yourself in other person shoes and see how would you react to  interesting  developments in mexico , canada or cuba from lets say chinese .
[russia] well , 90  of crimeans polled by an american research organisation agree that the referendum was free and fair , so there s that .
[us] you do nt think un s mission is also to prevent war and genocide in general along with other projects that they try to take on
[russia] and in 2010 doctrine  2010 edition limited them to situations in which  the very existence of the state is under threat .   from your link  .
[russia] i mean , yes , probably the beslan victims might be spared , but you know , russian military was in chechnya for a reason .
[us] when i lived in arizona  american state bordering mexico  , the spaniards that came there would often look down on mexicans and sneer at their accent .
[russia] they get a lot of money from moscow , they are allowed to study in moscow universities without any entering exams for free and so on .
[russia] as a result , the ruling party controls everything people will think , and since most of them were brainwashed pretty hard before , it s not that hard of a job .
[russia] and yes , buffer states serve as a temporarily obstacle to overcome for invading force , thus giving you more time to prepare for war .
[russia] if ukraine fails  russia will have close to zero prospect of changing as well , so all eyes on them  its probably a mix of both domestic and foreign goals collide , which created current ukrainian crisis and russia s geopolitical clash with the west .
[russia] admittedly we were using the situation to achieve our interests  or interests of some relatively unknown then oligarchs i would say  , but without us the fighting would still be there  maybe abkhazians would be cleansed now .
[us] well , in this case germany has some experience with the end result of this kind of thing which perhaps gives it some insight as to what our planet most urgently needs to avoid that other countries , like the us , lack .
[us] many us policy makers thought that if they could prove to the north vietnamese , the chinese , and the soviets that they were serious about the war the enemy would eventually back down  kinda like the cuban missile crisis  and we would no longer have to fight .
[us] andreas wimmer and brian min , criticizing the book , state   by contrast , our analysis shows that what has been observed in recent decades may simply be more of the same old story .
[russia] on the other hand , political freedom pertaining to free election is pretty shitty in russia , putin fudges his elections with a lot of different methods .
[russia] in russia you do nt see much variation in viewpoint  well , you do , just not as much as i see in the us , where i now live .
[russia] during maidan i felt myself tired of the both russian and ukranian news websites and went to  rworldnews there was sticky post with the online streams from the square .
[us] what makes it infinitely difficult to discuss this issue in a simplified way is that all 50 states run their education system differently , so coming up with an accurate picture is impossible to do a  in a single reddit post  it would require a book to fully describe the nuances  and b  it would be impossible for any single person to have knowledge of all 50 systems .
[us] if we re talking about the  92,000 dollar salary range , once you start earning that kind of money in europe , you may start wondering if there are greener pastures elsewhere  i.e.
[us] in the long run , i think forums like this will increase understanding across the atlantic , but i guess it can be a bumpy road on the way to that .
[russia] thirdly , ukrainian news is absurd  not to the russian extreme  but still absurd and often euphorically jingoistic to the point where it does nt feel i am reading news but rather some sort of a propaganda effort .
[us] to some extent , although the headline military spending numbers have remained within their historical averages since wwii  httpwww.usgovernmentspending.comincludeusgschart2p34.png and httpwww.usgovernmentspending.comincludeusgschart2p35.png the excess spending in the 2000s mostly went via different , nonmilitary budgets to contractors and foreign aid , so it s not counted in our current spending calculation for the military budget .
[russia] not a single word that  rebels  also have strong artillery in shakhtarsk  including 120mm mortars , tanks , selfpropelling 122m howitzers  gvozdika  , grads , etc.
[russia] not to say that russia is not adding fuel to the fire with its  vacationers  , but war is expensive and it makes reforms quite a challenge , thus its serves  one of   there are other i am sure of  its purpose of making ukraine a fail state .
[us] i am just saying that he literally was making a statement describing some new world order that involved the lives of billions upon billions of people that span most of the globe .
[russia] imo the great tragedy of eastern european  democracies  , like ukraine and russia , is that the majority of the population just does nt give a fuck about who s in power , as long as they are nt directly affected
[russia] but at the moment of the fall i was in abkhazia which instantly became a war zone  russia created the same scenario as in eastern ukraine right now   so it seems i became georgian citizen despite fact i have never been in georgia .
[russia] it seems government desperately need money  they ve sold  100b worth us bonds  allegedly  and already spent at least 13 of the money trying to hold falling rouble , they are going to double taxes on small business and individual entrepreneurs during this year , they are going to spend the rest of  untouchable  part of reserves  pension fund  to save crimea from going bankrupt .
[russia] as for katyn , well ...  the soviet union claimed the victims had been murdered by the nazis , and continued to deny responsibility for the massacres  until 1990 , when it officially acknowledged and condemned the perpetration of the killings by the nkvd , as well as the subsequent coverup by the soviet government .
[russia] both ukraine and russia were parts of ussr , and leader that ordered it to be done was not russian nor ukrainian but georgian .
[us] we ll probably destroy our planet or do something so stupid we will have effectively forfeited our rights to somebody else , maybe our robots .
[russia] the argument of who settled the land first and who s claim is more valid is very old , but if we re taking sides here , i guess i ll stick with the right one .
[russia] in the 2nd chechen war we levelled them and smashed their forces , but the enmity was deep and the guerrilla war was raging .
[russia] russian media went downhill from early 2000s and up until recently there were still places like lenta , livejournal , echo of moscow etc , now they are blocked or silenced .
[russia] you simply have to not even go to the comments section if you do nt think  reurope is  rfuckrussia  and i mean fuck russia , not fuck putin , which he richly deserves  .
[russia] also , just be glad that for once , shit gets done in this country  although i am afraid to think how much kickback money sank in private pockets over this  .
[us] probably also resulting in nuclear war   is going to be able to dislodge them , and nobody wants to live through a nuclear holocaust , thus the whole point of mad .
[russia] european partners also probably has reviewed their approach with russia to a certain extent , but i obviously do nt know much about that  of course we also look like hypocrites on international stage , look incompetent with mh17 flight , captured russian soldiers with documents and all that stuff .
[us] the rest of your comment is written with this smug , dismissive tone , which seems to be a tactic used by at least many germans that i ve noticed to sidestep an issue but make themselves feel like they just gave a legitimate argument somehow .
[us] even the most virulent irish nationalists never demanded that london and edinburgh were rightful irish land , while hamas maintains that tel aviv and haifa are as much palestine as nablus and gaza .
[us] the idea is encouraging poor people to buy insurance so that at least half of the  in network  bills will be paid  so that poor people can afford to get into at least one hospital door in each geographic area if somebody gets sick  .
[russia] it s about 7000 sek for a small apartment to rent , although you can go down to 5000 if you live in a ... disreputable location .
[us] yes , not having a pinky toe means you probably ca nt be an olympic athlete , but there have been plenty of  cut  males winning golds .
[russia] things are complicated in international politics and i m afraid mr.snowden is stuck in russia for a while   i hope he is well though , i do nt think he deserves the shit he is getting from  international media  .
[russia] st. andrew s cross in england or the black , gold and white romanov colours in russia are nt particularly offensive on their own , imo , but both have gained association with racist and xenophobic movements as of late , which is why despite the relatively normal historical connotations of either flag , i am wary of seeing any rallies that have them .
[us] if you strike , you d better make sure your skills are hard to find replacements ... even then , that does nt mean you re unassailable .
[us] source  httpwww.reddit.comreuropecomments2jx3tfedoardocampanellaoct2014comehomeeuropeans i do nt mean you guys right now , but in 10 years or whatever when you have specialist and technical knowledgeability that earns you close to six figures in europe , i guarantee you you ll at least take a look at possibilities in the us .
[us] this sentence does nt bother me too much  maybe a little with regards to the crimea   in case of aggression against russia with the use of conventional weapons when the very existence of the state is threatened .
[us] i m a federal contractor here , and the reason there are so many contractors in the american government for things like it is because of the immense difficulty in firing government employees .
[russia] until the icc tries france , germany , the u.s , and all the others it should be considered nothing more than a selfcongratulatory sham put on in the ongoing propaganda campaign of the west .
[us] basically , jobs are going to continue to vanish at an ever increasing rate and we should be honest about that fact or we will be making all the wrong decisions , which is what some powers that be want .
[us] because i care about both my own country s and europe s future , and the future i want to see is one where people and the public interest are not , as i see them being now , subverted to the worst and most extreme aspects of corporate greed .
[russia] the guy is a serpent , he will do or say anything to further 1  his vision of russia 2  his ego 3  his image among the russian voters .
[us] they are the largest country in the world and yet they are the most aggressive country in the world when it comes to seizing land and attacking countries on their borders .
[us] the only real market for em would be canada or mexico , we dont rly sell them because i d assume most nato allies in europe take the leopard ii over abrams because lets be honest the abrams is not the best .
[us] he defended soviet culture so well that being a culture that existed for centuries often got your entire town deported to the northern siberian waste land with the hope that you and your neighbors would die a horrible death .
[us] do you really think the other members of the anglosphere want to see all of their special relationships with each other potentially collapse after it s strongest  most influential member feels alienated  betrayed
[us] renting is increasingly popular . .  here are some examples of whats represented as affordable housing   httpwww.worstroom.com   in nyc but , i see a london deal in there
[us] the towns are dying out in the same way that farm towns are dying out  machines and lower labor needs means you can mine more with less people .
[us] for example , the fgm procedure that seals or narrows a vaginal opening  type 3 above  needs to be cut open later to allow for sexual intercourse and childbirth .
[us] see this link   sos  1 how new global  trade  talks threaten social security and medicare   httpwww.citizen.orgdocumentssos1socsecfinal0606.pdf  i think its inevitable if we stay on the path we re on .
[russia] i m not defending russia s actions or what i consider as putin s dangerous  opportunism   or kicking the guy on the floor  , but i do hope that kiev will tread more carefully , otherwise we might see round 2 .
[russia] i do understand what you re trying to say though , and i have no desire to defend my country s leaders actions , although i can rationalize them .
[us] equity markets have erased all losses from the recession , banks have more or less removed most toxic assets from their balance sheets  thanks to the fed  and new legislation has done a modest amount to limit the type of rampant speculation that happened in 2007 .
[russia] they do , but so much has already been done that it can not be turned back , putin has a victim complex coupled with an inferiority complex and with nationalism and conservatism thrown into the pot .
[russia] there was one very well documented incident when ukrainian military aircraft committed rocket strike against civilian building , causing iirc about ten deaths of bystanders .
[us] well , we  are  on  reurope  there are definitely a higher amount of kneejerk reactions here than most other subs , especially towards american policies .
[russia] romania was doomed to join because oil that was 99.9  , hungary  trianon  plenty of other reasons in regards to say ukraine , slovaks had their reasons as well .
[us] there actually are rules limiting the amount of water a chicken carcass can have in it by weight , but the companies that produce chicken have ways around them .
[russia] this was a clear  show process  from the get go and to make things clear i believe i even commented on the issue on reddit back then disagreeing with harsh sentence  a sentiment which was shared among many russians , but no one listens to them anyway  .
[us] despite everyone trotting out the odd deal that some european country makes , russia still is buying most of their defense equipment from russian sources , and paying russian wages for procurement and rd .  each country has it s own intelligence apparatus , general staff , logistics chain , all of these are unsexy things that take huge bites out of defense budgets .
[us] because if you go to places like hovenweep , in southeastern utah , or mesa verde , you see that people went to great lengths to hide their dwellings high high up on cliffs , in the most invisible and inaccessible places .
[russia] the idea is that he will maybe posture at the eastern ukrainian borders and then ease off , but posturing is nt the same thing as actually invading .
[us] regardless , i m pretty sure it s the fact that those smallerpiece states lost their sense of national identity by being a part of the larger nation for hundreds of years , not the fact that they were combined undemocratically .
[russia] russians has a very good historical memory and they do nt forget  good deeds  , you may not like it , but in reality poland and your commonwealth managed throughout history to piss off pretty much everyone around it .
[russia] somehow i m sure actual military defense and intelligence against chechnya will cost much less than buying their  loyalty  while having oneway transparent border with them .
[russia] russian economy is in trouble , has been for a while before ukrainian events , there is  very little  faith in possibility of russian government to solve those problems , thus  standard of life will decrease   dissent will rise   you need to prepare to crackdown on protests , internet , civil society , hungry people   you create a shit ton of oppressive laws , raise taxes on everything and follow a general  hardline  all for the sake of preservation of power and money .
[russia] ato began in mid april , bbc article you linked are from 11 june , so you are comparing civilian casualties for 2 months in ukraine with total casualties  military and civilian  for 68 months in libya .
[us] and quite frankly i have better shit to do on my sunday than sit here and attempt in vain to try and get you to agree with me .
[us] so , reddit trying to block them is  really f  up  i m surprised you did nt know that they were the main us ngo on trade .
[us] subsidized by a corrupt country that s funding a genocidal army and that continues to encourage oppression on women , lgbt people , and anyone who s not a sunni arab
[russia] if russia had announced troop withdrawal from chechnya immediately there is a good chance that the beslan situation would have ended without this much bloodshed .
[russia] if you are interested in my views on molotovribbentrop you can check my comment history , i had a similar discussion about 1112 days ago , i do nt post that often so it should be relatively easy to find .
[us] there is also no shortage of opportunities for the opposition party to slow down or halt legislation that does nt have clear majority support  as the republicans are demonstrating now , for better or worse  .
[russia] the gassing own people is not proven and  evidence  was highly debatable and your country intelligence services questioned the legitimacy and accuracy of the reports .
[russia] thought you might want to skip them because either nothing will happen or you ll be abducted by aliens , turn into aliens after inhumane experiments or will be simply eaten by bears .
[russia] you do nt seem to have as much of a care about nations where the prostitutes were arrested , since you only chose to speak out against the nations that went after the men soliciting prostitutes .
[russia] if european union and united states truly did not wanted any of that , then they would not sent their officials on maidan ,  senators , ministers , influential officials  stopped or prohibited financing of ngo s and stuff  when pierre omidyar sends money to ukraine , i give you 99.9 percent that it was discussed before in state departmentwashington  .
[us] if they can do it in poland , canada , germany and australia , why ca nt we    because of that very sorry conservative government in the uk that looks like some kind of parody of the worst us politicians . .
[us] she probably went to a famous castle , and a tour guide mentioned how it was peripherally related to hitler  like he spent the night in it or something  , and was probably only half paying attention and filled in the rest .
[us] the aim of negotiations on trade in services will be to bind the existing autonomous level of liberalisation of both parties at the highest level of liberalisation captured in existing ftas , in line with article v of gats , covering substantially all sectors and all modes of supply , while achieving new market access by tackling remaining longstanding market access barriers , recognising the sensitive nature of certain sectors .
[russia] but you sure can share the pain with your fellow estonians or poles , they ll jerk you off , you ll jerk them and all of you will feel a bit better .
[russia] question got  8  approval a month or two ago  consider the amount of propaganda being dumped on russian people and have a little bit respect for russian people ability to be not swayed by bullshit  .
[russia] the worst thing is that now he definitely knows what to do next time when his ratings drop again in a couple of years .
[russia] one of the reasons was that even within russia , people who lived under soviet government tell conflicting stories , which do not form uniform picture .
[us] 911 was planned by the government , who are all shapeshifting jewish lizards from outerspace sent by the devil .   the government , which is 100  human , had nothing to do with 911 .
[us] the us had high hopes that gats would private a lot more than it did , probably the biggest effects of gats has been in the us because the us being the primary zealots behind the ideology have to impose it on ourselves .
[russia] httpwww.enews.in.uainukraine747krymvyhoditizsostavaukrainy.html crimean rada declares 7881  2 abstentions , one against  it will not accept any edict coming from maidan and would refuse to remain part of a banderite ukraine .
[russia] personally i do nt think that ukraine suddenly became banderovets paradise , but desire to  close eyes  on such elements , their role and increasing influence is disturbing .
[russia] brainwashing and propaganda works , especially if the other side is  helping you out on a regular basis  by providing constant points to talk aboutconfirm your words .
[us] the real question is , why is the  international community  so eager to force israel to recognize the independence  on terms favorable to the arabs  of a state filled with people who nakedly proclaim their intention to commit genocide on any and all jews remaining in their country
[russia] for common folk working for a minimum wage , with no social benefits or vacation does not sound like a fantastic career opportunity though .
[russia] yeah , sorry , i ve been skiming through the comments and thought you were defending the idea that gamblers should not be blamed for their compulsive gambling .
[russia] i m ukrainian ...  ... i was told by a tour guide ... my life will be in danger if you re ukrainian then i came from the moon .
[russia] new maidan  svoboda or right sector would be the guys  who are against bad new idiots , who lost crimea and have nt fixed our country in a month  .
[russia] i think officials still have too much money and property in euus and need few more weeks to sell houses and transfer money into russia  thus they need a pause .
[us] for example , here is a case which you might bring up to say that slovakia won , but if you dug a bit deeper you would find that they had actually lost , because they lost a previous case where an insurer claimed their passing a law that limited their profits to 20  was expropriation , and won then , and in the second case , only lost  because they sued them too early , before they had actually implemented to affordable healthcare law .
[us] i ve met some great people here for sure , but i ve met a ton of jerks here too , assholes abound ,  at a much higher percentage rate than the states  and there s so many people that i can just  tell  would  sympathize with putin in that way these 30  you re talking about , they re always confrontational somehow when they learn my nationality , and trust me  many of these guys i see around here would never know , meaning i certainly do nt go up and talk to  people   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvumoptiryzro  stand out as  pretty obviously antiamerican .
[us] probably a faraday cage would protect against electrical only emf . . but such a device would need to communicate with light . . fiber . . glass fiber . . as soon as you strted connecting any wires to it , though , problems would emerge because any kind of conductor is going to have emf induced in it .
[us] considering you guys keep coming up with the money to bail out other eu countries , and you do it without raising taxes significantly , i highly doubt you need to significantly raise taxes to come up with the money .
[russia] unfortunately , it seems like a sender had englishonly version hence he saw symbols from  cp1251  and have handwritten an address symbol by symbol .
[russia] he is defacto deported  history repeat itself   after libertarian founder left the company  or more like was pushed out of business  vkontakte social network has started to ban people over proukrainian posts  example of such posts  addressed to ukrainian users   before buying goods check if they are made in ukraine   and not in russia     there are rumors  government is considering filtration of internet traffic  north korean style   httptop.rbc.rupolitics29042014921066.shtml   not even chinese   on regional level , network providers are trying to convince government this idea is nt that good .
[russia] the kremlin s desire to keep nationalist passions within controllable limits was visible in the high profile given to the unity day march , while pushing the  less loyal ultranationalists  into an obscure and distant neighbourhood .
[russia] of course , after aggressive  media  campaign , these numbers can be easily changed , but they shows real support for this idea among russians .
[us] i m sure you d feel the same way if it were a 1617 year old male giving aid and comfort to the enemy , or a 1821 year old female , innit
[russia] heck , i even remember how i used to go to my friend who worked in a ministry in order to print thick docs of x86 assembly language for free .
[russia] if i had a dollar for every time i read about  hurr durr evil russians oppress poor chechens  i d buy a pair of winter tires .
[russia] there is that simple thing like  ask yourself how europe would look like tomorrow if european union is gone and where exactly a lot of countries both big and small would stand on world stage .
[russia] if the west and japan let s china build its east asian emporium in peace , without resistance , then china will not have any great need for a strategically secure north , as it does now .
[us] the availability of pornography is also  inversely correlated with sex crimes   httpwww.springer.comaboutspringermediaspringerselectsgwid011001610423210  , but fuck that we ve got ta keep people from having bad drawings or the muslims and christians will freak out .
[us] you just say if somebody does nt want to integrate , then that s their own business , and enforce laws blindly nonetheless , while leaving a path open to those who choose differently .
[us] while ive provided a great amount of data , additionally , the things i am saying reflect the values of both americans and europeans .
[us] i went to a meeting for the youth wing of my political party in the us , and we endorsed different candidates and ballot measures , even though it was likely to do little .
[russia] in ussr villagers were technically serfs till 1964  or 1961  and could nt go anywhere at all  thus state still use archaic passportisation feature and endless paper checks are being performed in every state organization  it is literally papers check  similar organizations in different regions do nt have connected databases as if they were in separate states  countries  .
[russia] for example , in a russianukrainian pissing match a ukrainian would call his opponent  not even a slav , a finnoturkic mongrel  and would be called  a proud descendant of the brave protoukrs  in return .
[russia] there are zero to none communications between various state organizations  like police , pension fund , staterun banks and insurance companies  within the same quasistate  like moscow region  .
[russia] i do nt know about the roads , but i ve heard the opinion on the lack of trash on the streets , and i agree with it .
[russia] unless there is a direct line of governance of a sort from kievan rus to cossacks and to modern day ukraine , it s very difficult to argue it was the same nation .
[us] oh for gods sake , our joint military spending dwarfs theirs , and has for a long time now you say that like its exactly the same as being one country with one chain of command , intelligence agency , logistics agency , etc , and not a few dozen .
[russia] you can say  survival specialist  , but that sounds more like a guy who knows how to survive a regional catastrophe like a tsunami or an earthquake , not someone who prepares for the collapse of civilization worldwide .
[us] i m also baffled that you can bring weapons into an open environment and not get the ever loving piss beat out of you by cops .
[russia] could be good news if they did nt mean this government think they ll still be here in 2030    glonass navigation system seriously malfunctioned   httptop.rbc.ruincidents15042014918063.shtml  but was fixed in 30 minutes  failure was linked to upgrade of the system    un has called bullshit  officially  on rumors about ethnic russians are being persecuted in ukraine ,  called these rumors disinformation   httpwww.reuters.comarticle20140415usukrainecrisisunidusbrea3e16u20140415   edit  replaced wrong link    investments into commercial real estate  shrinked by 70  yeartoyear   httptop.rbc.rueconomics15042014918137.shtml  during q1   in saint petersburg a  fan stabbed singer into neck   httpwww.fontanka.ru20140418158  , she is in reanimation   during road rage rampage in moscow a  driver shot his opponent 7 times in the head   httpwww.bfm.runews254574doctypenews  using stun gun , fatality .
[us] the lack of even the most basic knowledge in world or domestic affairs is astounding among people in their 20 s  30 s , no matter where i am .
[russia] i m not sure here  to rape pregnant journalist after she asked him if russia is going to answer to ukraine after ukrainian government limited entry of russians to the country , he called  lesbians  group of female journalists after they ve sad they are not going to comply with his orders to kiss with the guy .
[us] which is fine , except that is a criticism of europe in general and usa absolutely is nt to blame for the politics of europeans .
[russia] about crimea , i know my opinion on it is controversial on this subreddit , but it was , will be , and is an integral part of russia and our history and culture .
[us] if you have a lot of people in your country whose national identities run along ethnic , cultural , or religious lines , they will constantly see and be seen by outgroups as a threat .
[us] this guy is from my state , luckily he lost his bid for the senate so he ca nt be reelected to the house this november .
[russia] they may as well be , considering all the extrajudicial killings taking place therein , their complete vulnerability to the us military with repeated violations of national sovereignty , the existence of cia blacksites  lets not even start talking about the horrors of guantanamo bay .
[us] the iss makes me think there still is hope for the human race to move beyond our troubled adolescence into our adulthood in space , together .
[us] confirmed  there are direct flights from at least five carriers between boston  a secondtier american airport  and edinburgh  a secondtier british airport  , and between boston and marseilles .
[us] say that catalonia becomes independent tomorrow  considering that catalonia already has its own version of a national police  mossos desquadra  and its own government system , it d seem highly likely that the system would nt change that much  asides from junquerasmas now being president of a country instead of just a region  .
[russia] a lot easier to nuke each other there than in russiaukraine , which has no  real  border  towns , cities and villages are all over the border and the border is purely imaginary really , no real delineation like in indiapakistan .
[russia] audience applauds  we had holiday with tears in our eyes  victory day  , they have culture with tears in their eyes ... alibasov  that s the common trend ... zhirinovsky  get off
[us] well i mean the stats he just linked would suggest either the opposite , or that while they are religiously moderate they are not culturally moderate .
[us] they can barely even operate in the north and have the us navy and air force to contend with where they do nt have to worry about eu pandering .
[us] this is an inevitable result of voting systems that work on onepersononevote  that you ca nt describe an order of preference essentially mandates power devolving to a very small group .
[russia] but that will take much time , and i foresee that russia will have to go through a conflict  probably internal  before we are ready .
[russia] but better i d be born yesterday in australia  to get all luxuries of modern life and be as far away from most intense battles of wwiii as possible .
[russia] modern europe is useless in that regard , you do nt have anything of interest to russia that we can not already simply buy  either from you or chinau . s  .
[russia] what do you want russia to do , prohibit russians from settling there , working there and paying taxes there  just to preserve  ethnic purity  of the regions
[russia] imagine fox news with nearly unlimited budget , zero legal responsibility for content , zero competition from other tv companies  and you ll get a picture of what is going on in russia .
[russia] this is nt the time for land grabs , china and siberia is more of that bullshit naysayer rumour machine that seeks to throw mud onto russia without any backing behind it .
[russia] anyway , these ethic groups also feel just about as connected to china as the ethnic russians here  that is , not at all  , and they would absolutely object to being occupied by china .
[russia] 1  the revolutionaries walked all over the constitution , and only discovered legal niceties once their own methods were used to break free of them .
[russia] russian regions do nt have local armies  except for chechnya  and are incapable to defend themselves from anything let alone against huge army with 2000  years of experience in suppressing of local revolts .
[russia] i ll copy it here    masha gessen may well have made some errors in her article , and mr adomanis may well be right .
[us] there s zero talk in the society since noone actually knows about it that s because your average person knows dick about economics , and trade deal negotiations , particularly on the scale of this one , are usually not made public until there s some sort of preliminary draft complete .
[us] yeah fdr is nearly universally considered one of the 3 best presidents of our history , and the only one in the last century who makes that list .
[russia] so stalin was not mass murderer , he was political leader who was responsible for taking a major part in building political system that , amongst other things , fasttracked russia from backwards mostly agricultural country to industrial powerhouse capable of winning worst war in the history of mankind  and yes , this political system also killed a whole lot people in the process .
[russia] as for circumstances of eu deal , well , russia  bribed  as some would say , as american officials would say  provided aid  for ukraine , but people got upset and went on the streets , after that everything else is history with a result of  russia s guy  fleeing the country and russian interest having no chance to be represented in the next  5 years or so .
[us] it s people who take it to be a generic symbol of regional pride who are missing the actual historical context it has as a symbol , and then acting , rather disingenuously tbh , baffled when people interpret it in the correct and reasonable manner .
[us] most of those people maintain a po box or something  oftentimes they get mail forwarded to them by their children  in their former location .
[us] tennessee , another  back woods hillbilly redneck  state just instituted a system where all students , regardless of gpa , can go to a community college and feed into 4year public schools similarly to georgia .
[russia] at best they are talking about  russian pows who died in polish camps in 1920s   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikicampsforrussianprisonersandinterneesinpoland281919e280932429  as an argument why russia should nt apologize for katyn .
[us] the temptation to go away to college for its own sake should be resisted if there is any way to live at home , the chances of being able to afford it are far higher .
[russia] if you  plural  insist on denigrating russia with mocking and trivializing comments , do nt act all smug and affronted when russians respond in kind .
[russia] khrushchev gave krim to ukraine as a symbolic gift , but the ukrainian government rejected ussr in 1991 , despite the majority of the ukrainian people voting for a continued union under a new federal constitution , so i figure russia can have krim back if the ukrainian leaders do nt want association with us .
[russia] so that russians and ukrainians can scrub toilets in the north and suffer  another  economic ravaging by the imf , with germany joining in for fun .
[us] religion or ethnic background should nt be a free pass for unnecessarily altering the body parts of underage boys and girls in my view .
[us] the elites create a set of rules which impose an ever growing burden of tribute which grows ever more outrageous until the common people convulse with anger and shake that batch off , installing  reformers  who over the space of several generations become corrupt in turn and then the whole process repeats again .
[russia] first i would question the  russia supplied buks part  , since it is possible to capture enemy military tech and  fix it  or make it operational .
[us] squawk box   the show that joe kernen cohosts  is a breakfast morning show on cnbc and is mostly humor and business news , and not much actual reporting .
[us] as i ve studied this topic for a long time now , finally , the shortcomings of the european approach to security and defense are being laid bare .
[us] most people are nt expecting to be a waiter for life at applebees  it serves as a nice stopgap or temporary employment for students , young professionals or working parents who are nt available for 40 hours a week to work .
[russia] it will be much more obvious in couple weeks because there is a lot of european products still   14 of meat , 12 or more dairy , lot of fish , half of conserved vegetables  .
[russia] and simply declare to them in a diplomatic fashion  we value and respect your opinion and understand your concerns , so lets all work together for the future of ukraine and listen to the will of  all  ukrainians on 25th of may  there would be no casus belli for escalation .
[us] it ca nt inter operate with aegis  over which there are over a hundred such ships in the usn , jmsdf , rokn , and spanish  norwegian navies  , it is nt a mature system so who knows what bugs remain to be ironed out , and by deciding to be special snowflakes the upgrade path is very limited .
[russia] this is not meant to limit the freedom of expression and the rights of citizens , but requires denial of state support to people and communities , demonstrating behavior contrary to the cultural norms  ...   lack of world outlook and imposition of alien values , including by means of pseudo art , leads to mental distress , which is manifested through the increase in crime , alcoholism , drug addiction , through the increase in the number of suicides and abandoned children s parents , through the increase of morbidity and mortality  ...
[us] you can say whatever you want in my book , so long as you are nt specifically targeting a person  like going up to someone and telling them that you are going to kill them  since that s assault .
[us] the germans dominate the classical style with beethovenmozarthaydn and baroque with bach , but the russians and french dominate the romantic style and of course ballets with tchaikovskystravinskyrachmaninoff  and berliozdebussyravel  satie my favorites are bachbeethoven and the lone pole , chopin .
[russia] every time , from the ussr s request to join nato at its formation , to russia s attempts at partnership or suggestions of reformation as an economic alliance , nato has responded with a flat out no , and then proceeded to increase its territorial holdings and state of armament .
[us] the us and the ussr were nt exactly trusting , it s unfathomable that they would have an agreement about something so important and not put it on paper .
[us] two cases failed on the subject matterscope threshold , with a tribunal concluding that the respondent failed to show that the measure was designed for the protection of human health or for securing compliance with laws or regulations which were not inconsistent with wto provisions .
[russia] in a way it all makes sense , because eastern front was not all tea and bagles , but a campaign for extermination not even remotely similar to anything western front ever saw .
[us] just that our current allies are more than sufficient to exert whatever kind of pressure we need to , and for pretty much anything there s  enough  that will assist us .
[russia] after ukrainian leaders finally agreed , putin allowed prorussian rebels to capture several border crossings that have been since been used to facilitate transports of supply replenishments from russia .
[russia] while it is true that european market is significantly more important for russia , there is a simple truth behind all of that  europe uses russian gas because the price is  economically viable  and  there is no infrastructure in place to replace russian gas within a 1 year period  .
[us] if you ever want to piss someone off that talks about how important russia is , just compare them to california and ask them if california should have mexico as a sphere of influence .
[russia] i have nt seen any putinism in the olympics besides nbc announcers shoving the idea of it down everyone s throats instead of actually , you know , covering the games .
[us] overall though i think the internet has just fractured the music scene so much that the more progressiveartisticwhatever branches are no longer reliant on the pop audience and whatnot .
[us] people will complain about government spending on anything , which is one of the main reasons public transport is such a politically divided issue here  luckily this is starting to change as younger americans regardless of political ideology take public transport more  .
[russia] a former senior moscow region official has been ordered by a court to pay 950 million rubles   29 million  to the state , the largest ever fine imposed in russia , for attempted bribery .
[us] i am a veteran and i think isis should be bombed into oblivion , but if someone in a free country wishes to freely express their political opinions than that is fine with me .
[us] the other way is probably less like reinventing the wheel . . use less long lengths of wire , use almost no wire in sensitive locations , basically , use fiber , and filterbypass everything so as to only pass what is desired and filter out all other signals . . and also i suspect wrap electronics with the most conductive grounding imaginable really effective shielding  inside of devices , also , follow the most extreme best practices , overbuild everything and keep every interconnect really short
[us] i hated watching the world cup with my family friends , a girl maybe 8 or 9 just screams she hates japanese people , and germans and russians and chinese people .
[russia] got basically the same reply from them  get out to abkhazia to receive a passport  note  in abkhazia i am unable to get passport no matter what because  besides bandits  there is certain prohibitive law to prevent prewar population from getting citizenshippassports  .
[us] also note  i m not trying to say that racism is not common in the us  it is  , i m not trying to say all europeans are racist  they re not  .
[russia] this is like stories about liberalgay woman from egypt reporting about  crimes of the mubarak  who later turned out to be 20 something british dude writing without pants in his apartment somewhere in britain  i do nt remember where exactly  .
[us] i can only look at my own life and acknowledge that my perception of the world and my political views have undergone a tremendous shift in my post college years .
[russia] as for trade agreement , russian officials gave some vague statements on to why it would be hurting to russian economy ,  cheap ukrainian goods would undermine russian ones , because ukrainian ca nt compete with europeans when tariffs and trade barriers would be lifted , thus russia looses money and jobs  but nothing too significant .
[russia] must ve missread you . .  trying to insult my country i do nt even know which one is it lol   estonia not recognizing 25  of its population as people  well if you do not recognize language used by quarter of people in your county  you probably do not consider them as people of your country .
[us] for example , they made a big stink about obamacare being available because previously , millions of selfemployed americans could not even buy insurance at any price .
[russia] ussr may have been a very terrible experience for the baltics , but one of the reasons i liked ussr was because it deemphasised nationalism on a relative scale in russia .
[russia] judging by our exchange , you convinced yourself that ukraine is  holy being and can not into wrongdoing  , my experience says that everybody lies and follows their own agenda .
[russia] the list of famines , wars , genocides , coups , revolutions , assassinations , invasions , et al instigated by the civilized west in the past 60 years is longer than my arm .
[russia] bigger and stronger countries has  more tools  to influence its neighbors or work around troubling developments , you guys do nt have that much .
[us] here is the dilemma we are in  if we do not teach the growing boy to pull the prepuce back and cleanse the glans there is the danger of smegma collecting and of adhesions and ulcerations forming , which in their turn will cause irritation likely to lead to masturbation .
[us] if it were discovered that the commercial trade in water was destructive to watersheds , for example , the wto could prevent countries from restricting that trade based on environmental concerns .
[russia] you see , he needed to collect enough signatures , and he did , but it was ruled out that it was nt acceptable since some of them were in electronic format .
[us] the interesting part in the drama that unfolds now is that when the alleged russia  no one knows  approaches with a submarine , so is the response to swedish armed forces have to fix up for war .
[us] unlike the active reactor cores , which are encased inside massive  containment vessels  with thick walls of concrete and steel , the buildings surrounding spent fuel rod storage ponds would do practically nothing to contain radioactive contaminants in the event of prolonged cooling system failures .
[russia] russia lost russojapanese war , ww1 and got 2 revolutions because at the time it was  a sick man of europe  with a gigantic agrarian sector , you add to that civil war , military involvement of  allies  and restrictions of credit lines to a young communist state and its pretty hard to think that anyone would left ussr alone , let alone help it .
[russia] lots of work has been moved or outsourced to eastern european countries where it has taken the place of old industries that were not and would never have been competitive in global market .
[us] the agreement must include an effective general exception for public interest policies that excludes the selfdefeating language of the gats article xiv  exception .  of the 35 times in which wto members have attempted to use the gats article xiv exception or the related general agreement on tariffs and trade  gatt  article xx exception to defend a policy measure , only one attempt has succeeded .
[russia] i do think we give a shit ton of money and trade privileges to belarus though , so there s that  i fail to see the return though , lukashenko talks a lot but in delivery aspect he is not a role model  .
[us] the return of the  macedonian syndrome ,  as myron weiner  1971  has called the intermingling of ethnic conflict and irredentist wars , explains such recurrent patterns of war much better than any variant of globalization theory .
[us] russia even bitches about planes that loiter outside of their airspace as though it is a violation that is equal to their actual air space invasions .
[russia] but chechnya was different , it was very clear that their  independence  has nothing to do with the real independence , they have a criminal enclave there .
[us] parents just want to do what s best for their kids , and if a doctor tells them that there are medical benefits to circumcision who are you to say that they are wrong
[us] for literally every other category of actor , there s no scenario in which a preemptive nuclear strike would work out okay against an opponent with an automated second strike capability .
[russia] lack of papers may  and will  result in identity check in police station and there might be complications if a person is from different region or country .
[us] many student organizations around the world have nt condemned isis , russia , israel , hamas , prc , syria , etc because they clearly see it s bloody waste of time to do so .
[us] it s big , slow  easy to detect   and consequently easy to shootdown   , so these types of planes are also good for sounding a clear message when you want too .
[russia] umnotme has pointed out this is a violation of  article 13   httpwww.ohchr.orgenprofessionalinterestpagestreatmentofprisonersofwar.aspx  of geneva treatment about prisoners of war  but terrorists are nt obliged to comply with international laws .
[us] but the american experience with guns has made them part of american culture , and it is nt an american thing to have free speech .
[us] edit   all of that said though it probably should nt be on display , even in a unofficial capacity , by public officials  no matter their intention .
[russia] chechens did a whole lot more than a couple of terror acts and their atrocities are well documented , just like russia did a lot of terrible things to them as well .
[russia] this is happening exactly  right now  as we speak and champions of humans rights and citadels of democracy  european union and united states have borderline  zero  coverage of the issue  united states are actually engaged in syria right now and i am pretty sure they know enough  .
[russia] ethnic cleansing of georgians  from russia  vityok is most probably talking about thousands of illegal georgian immigrands who were forced to go home shortly after the events of 2008 .
[russia] akhmad was assassinated  blown up  eventually and today , his son , ramzan  a pretty bad ass separatist commander during the war  is the president of chechnya and putin s supporter .
[russia] kinda like putin used this crisis to shift the blame away from anemic growth and distract the russian populace with a classic misdirection through foreign conflict .
[us] he brings up a good point ,  tisa will quite possibly pit people   httpwww.worldpsi.orgsitesdefaultfilesdocumentsresearchreporttisaenglr2.pdf  in the developed countries against people from the developed countries in competition for their jobs
[us] there are giant sections of the country where you can go and live where you could literally never see anyone and do anything you want other than maybe a postal worker at a post office .
[us] my criticism is also mostly centered on the people hoping they all die in the sea and shout it out proudly like fucking animals .
[us] again i am comparing pre tax income to pre tax income so that it is most fair to eu since i at least am trying to be objective instead of being an anti usa ideologue that is searching for justifications to throw around third world insults .
[russia] russia might have consolidated various political entities in ukraine in its antirussian sentiment of  foreign invader  , but single national identity does not necessarily mean that you will succeed and overcome all obstacles along the way .
[russia] communists  an important goal for the  svoboda  as well as collaborators , people who cooperate with the authorities and with the  prorussian authorities  in ukraine .
[us] in the end it will be over the prospects of relatively few catalan people benefiting from the handful of successful entities in the region rather than all of spain .
[us] so for the poorer people the goverment will be paying a small income and the rent on existing housing will be payed or there will be built decent houses to live in for free .
[us] that fact , is a big big part of what s driving the global push to close the doors and pull up the ladders to economic security .
[us] you ca nt seriously be upset that ukraine does nt consent to and cooperate with the illegal annexation of their country by a foreign power
[us] well you see , the tsars and supreme soviets , especially stalin , really looked out for the russian people and took great care of them .
[us] which is why it is nt germany which has authorized  helped construct nordstream which can economically isolate eastern europe to the advantage of both russia  germany .
[us] i think that the current the current status quo in germany to be pacifistic and spend as little as possible on defense is not only bad for germany  its bad for the world .
[us] georgian has nt even been conclusively shown to be related to the other caucasian language families  northwest caucasian , consisting of abkhaz , the circassian languages , and a few others , and northeast caucasian , the languages of chechnya , dagestan , and ingushetia  .
[russia] just to be clear i do nt blame gays for demographic situation in any country , in fact i have nothing against gays , just like the majority of russians .
[us] in the sciences , a phd is entry level to do any kind of research , which is what scientists want and need to do .
[russia] unfortunately i can not give you an insight on russian media comment sections , mostly because i never bother to read nor russian media , nor comments , but i am sure they are at least youtube  quality  .
[us] regardless of the rules of the agreement , each negotiating party must maintain the prerogative to name the specific sectors that it intends to bind to such rules , whether concerning market access or national treatment .
[us] i would nt want to see anyone attempt to  deny them use of their airspace   them being russia in this case , one of the world s leaders in missile technology , antiair in particular .
[us] additionally , only the house can impeach a government official   strip them of their office  authority   with a simple majority vote , but the impeachment trial itself is held by the senate which needs 23rds to convict .
[us] but of course , tisa , ttip , tpp are designed to make the one thing that they need to be able to return , public health care , impossible .
[us] i think with the south , and this is just pure speculation , there is a deep  do nt talk about religion or politics  due to the very vivid issues that the south has had .
[us] heck , you ll have better luck in hawaii with japanese than with the native language , but you ll have the best luck with the language of wisconsin  english  .
[russia] it s lower on the map than nl ... basically , in eurasia , the farther on east you move , the colder climate you get .
[us] i live in nyc , i meet people from all over the world all the time , but i always get super excited when i meet someone from montana , or north dakota , etc. .
[us] no we are nt but if  because of failure of the ultimate heat sink  many nuclear power plants melt down  then we ll have a bigger mess to clean up than we will be able to .
[russia] according to the august poll  levadacenter  , the number of russians who admired attachment the crimea to russia declined for four months from 23  to 16  .
[us] it was the darkest hour for us intelligence when nobody had any answers on where those attacks came from , even with a ton of evidence that would be easily caught today .
[us] richard tren , director of the nonprofit organization africa fighting malaria , insists that the ban will prompt many nations on that continent to abandon their use of pesticides that are effectively and safely managing a public health scourge .
[us] hopefully you did nt get hurt in the crossfire from our roving gun battles , let alone beat down  robbed by our oppressive police state because you talked funny .
[russia] i wonder how brits felt right after ww2 when their empire crumbled and what sentiments they shared among population and politicians , unfortunately i know next to nothing in that regard  the collapse of soviet union was a mixed event imho , for some it was an extremely positive change , which gave a new hope for better future , others became  almost slaves  working for pennies and a complete erosion of social institutions and local economies .
[us] this stuff is an urgent , direct threat to democracy and the rule of law that is more serious than communism because it comes from within .
[russia] true successor of golden horde rather than liberaldemocratic kievan rus  as kremlin ideologists try to deceive population to think  to explain attempts to snatch ukrainian territories  .
[russia] well , in 2004 opposition came to power  by whatever means  and disappointed  the people  , so  the people  voted for other candidate , who as it turns out is just as disappointing .
[us] 1  every government in the middle east adopts a secular , westernstyle democracy that includes all citizens or 2  the arbitrary borders are redrawn so that each individual religious sect also has its own plot of land .
[russia] iirc , military doctrine of ussr did nt allow using nuclear weapons in the conventional war , except tactical nuclear artillery shells   ruwiki   httpsru.wikipedia.orgwikid0afd0b4d0b5d180d0bdd18bd0b9d181d0bdd0b0d180d18fd0b4  .
[russia] it s hard to deny that he is a brilliant politician , the real question is , will he ever take russia anywhere good and will the alternatives be anything more than yeltsin 2.0
[us] since we al are competitive , maybe we can compete in helping the entire world move from poverty to abundance in peace without losing our individual strengths , instead lets try to learn from all of them . .
[us] i do nt think that just because a country is large and has a conventional military force means they are nt willing to commit horrendous acts upon their people .
[us] the troubles were nt that long ago , the balkans ar nt that far , ukraine is nt that stable  nicolae ceauescu did nt step down that peacefully .
[us] the missile launcher variants were meant to give strategic bombers an way around antiair weapons , this idea was abandoned in favor of stealth technology because interceptor range and speed increased .
[us] i m just under the arrogant opinion that the u.s exports a lot of culture , most countries these days are culturally close to the u.s.
[us] tuition and textbooks are artificially inflated through the roof , with little hope of getting a job after college to pay for all your debt .
[russia] 2  law about languages  regardless if it later was vetoed by president , the vector of legislature without a proposed alternative is beyond retarded and outright hostile  .
[russia] they will politely refrain from making strongly worded statements either way , but they quitely support russia much in the same way russia will give its quiet support to any territorial disputes that china might get with pakistan
[us] see the discussion beginning on page 8 here   httpwww.maine.govlegisoplactpchlthcaresub.pdf  currently , no foreign health insurance providers  as far as i know  operate in any us state us yet .
[russia] there are around 500 killed ukrainian servicemenmembers of volunteer battalions  according to the list in ukrainian wikipedia  and at least  1000  i took the lowest reasonable estimate  killed prorussian militants .
[us] google  indirect expropriation  democracy has been declared to be incompatible with business by us and ec trade officials , basically , investors they claim need stability .
[russia] i d like to remind you that the soviet union was broken to pieces in the middle of reforms which were accompanied by the rejection of ideology .
[us] the winners were new russians  oligarchgangsters  who were among the first to snap up state assets at bargain basement prices . .  corruption  the fta courts seem to often rubber stamp really corrupt , unfair deals .
[us] did the taliban think they were going to save face and negotiate with the biggest military on the planet after the biggest attack ever suffered on american soil
[russia] i lived in chernivtsi , there were many jews there for a long time , now there are none and my parents always told me to never tell anyone that i had a jewish grandmother on my mother s side .
[us] that and the fact that it builds your credit history , which will potentially save you thousands when you get a better interest rate on your home or car loan .
[us] even if two out of the three  but with four names   heads are chopped off , even if only one is passed , we re all likely to see huge , negative repercussions shown graphically by the investor state cases compiled on sites like httpitalaw.com caused just by the existing ftas , all much smaller and more local in scope .
[russia] and not to forget that a lot of soviet scientists and public figures were jewish , heck , even one of ussr s most famous singers had jewish roots .
[russia] i will say that relations with turkey have been extremely cool for a long time with several member states strongly opposed to including them in the eu , so i m not sure why you would expect eu involvement in turkish protests .
[russia] in the meanwhile , keep talking about declaring war on russia and prove them right that europeans can not be trusted to not invade at least once every century .
[russia] well , as far as i know it is still kind of debated how profitable slave labor really was , but i believe thet the consensus is that it indeed was and surely , a couple millions of disposable cotton pickers did not hurt american economy at the time and made plantation owners pretty damn wealthy .
[russia] note  by amount of murders per 1m citizens russia is ahead of pakistan by  25   and in pakistan you can buy guns on streets   in ukrainian slavyansk  prorussian protesters   acquired 6 apcs from advancing ukrainian troops   httptop.rbc.ruincidents16042014918331.shtml  which were sent to deal with the  protesters  , ukrainians deserted   russian  banks are creating peertopeer network to work with visa and mastercard   httptop.rbc.rueconomics16042014918430.shtml  in case if us sanctions will force these system to shutdown their operations in russia .
[russia] ru     httptvrain.ruarticlesvmoskvezaderzhalivsehuchastnikovshturmaavtobusaomonumecheti375947   attorney general office declared that principle of noninterference with economy is wrong and announced plans to tighten control on banks and consumer goods prices .
[russia] when i say this state is consist of criminals  it s not a metaphor    governor was fired for  losing presidential trust  after he allowed antiwar protest   httpwww.rferl.orgcontentputinbraynaskbogomazdenindimissalafghanwarveterans26574315.html     ukrainian refugees in russia are being deported to sunny siberia and distant northern regions   httpwww.themoscowtimes.comopinionarticleukrainianrefugeestorepopulatesiberia506624.html    finland post service is trolling russian colleagues and recipients by using  gay stamps on packages   httpwww.bilerico.com201409finlandtrollsrussiawithtomoffinlandstamps.php     kremlin is suing ukraine for 1 billion dollars for shooting into territory of russian federation   httpi.imgur.comrckpsg4.jpg  .
[russia] nukesicbm are the same , there is a reason start treaties exist and old nukes get replaced by more modern ones  including from countries like u.s
[us] you are following a wonderful tactic your former soviet masters taught you  troika shows up and says you are guilty and it is up to you to prove your innocence .
[russia] people do nt have any clues  ukrainian separatists  actually consist of  lost  russian soldiers , fsb agents , gru spetsnaz , russian volunteers and bandits armed by kremlin  they think it s possible to revolt and win without massive external support .
[us] there are posters who post on a regular basis in  rrussia they talk openly of how they wish for russia to take over large sections of europe or to even better nuke europe and take over large sections .
[russia] from my point of view , this means , that these fighting russians are getting green light on the russian side of the border .
[us] surely there are a lot of decisions that parents make that are a hell of a lot more important than the foreskin of a penis
[us] lefties just slap the word  neo  in front of something when they want to tarnish an ideology without having to actually have substance for their criticism .
[russia] is there a technical possibility to drive to the place where column was destroyed while filming the process with dashcam or whatever and provide actual video footage of shelling results
[us] gats , the wto services agreement which was signed in the 1990s . . a lot of the issues  risks , which people are attributing to being a threat if ttiptisa are passed , are actually already risks which were caused by gats and have been completely covered uphidden .
[us] since then , i ve met a whole bunch of bosnians who moved to the us as refugees , i think they are awesome .
[russia] if you do nt see a queue it means that a branch has no money left or the exchange rate has reached a level named  it s ridiculous , i d better buy a vodka  .
[us] so the ftas attempt to mandate a one way  ratchet  ever tightening privatizations triggered by every act , every event , every movement of any kind .
[us] i m  not  saying that you should nt have gone to europe  i ve beenlived there several times , everyone should go  but i m more than a little vexed that you re acting as if north america is  missing  something , especially now that you ve stated you ve remained in one city all your life .
[russia] because there are two opposing fronts of propaganda at work here , and in  reurope it s outright warmongering hatred that is the result of western propaganda .
[russia] there s no reason at all to go to the court if someone owe you money , those companies were closed then the same people opened new companies and continue to work .
[russia] the only thing i ca nt understand about russia despite of almost 40 yrs of living here  why can these people not just live their lives and let others do the same
[us] lieutenant general jos mena , the head of spain s 50,000strong ground forces , told officers under his command that the country s constitution gave them the right to act if the   unity of spain   was in danger .
[russia] our politicians tried to stop the kosovar separatism too , but they failed , for which putin promised vengeance  and conveniently got with first abkhazia  s. ossetia and now crimea  .
[russia] as far as i remember , after the scandal with ponosov , federal government bought for all schools package of proprietary software  windows , mso , etc.
[us] uhh the russian tsardom was probably the most poorly performing countries up until its collapse , right with qing china , ottoman turkey , and austriahungary .
[russia] what kind of strategy is that and how can russia negotiate from such position , apart from bending over and taking it up the ass
[russia] it is interesting how all such articles demand putin to stop supporting the rebels , but none yet demanded poroshenko to stop the violence and start talking .
[russia] and trust me , once they see your passport  first thing they ll ask for  they ll shake you down so much that you would wish your cock never formed .
[russia] when sashko bilii was executed , first it was a special operation , then it was a suicide by 2 shots into heart , while he himself has removed his shirt  in case of vest  .
[russia] our politicians may have offshore bank accounts and villas all over the world , but still they insist that it s united states department of state which is the root of all evil for russia .
[russia] arson  check ,  other acts that endanger human life or health  check ,  significant property damage  check ,  influence the decision or act or omission of action by state or local governments  check ,  draw public attention to certain political , religious or other views culprit  check
[russia] i am not against bombing isis , just to be clear , i can even overlook violation of international law and un mandate or whatever there is , what i am against is a situation similar to nofly zone in libya .
[us] when you go to the top floor inside and actually get to look at all the colored glass , it s amazing to think how they could ve done all that in only 1248 , seems impossible really .
[russia] when some russians started insulting him over the internet , calling him a faggot , he released a homoerotic russianthemed music video to troll them .
[russia] 12 months ago  6 months prior to shooting on maidan  i wrote a blog post how russia will invade ukraine using georgianmoldovan tactics   unknown  snipers , ethnic riots ,  protective  invasion ,  captured  tanks and airplanes , russian  peacekeepers  .
[russia] communism has destroyed ability of people for critical thinking , 95  of population does nt know english , their only source of information are russian tv and sites which are flooded with propaganda and lies .
[us] yes it s super expensive , and generally a waste of money , but when there s a disaster or earthquake it s awesome to have functioning helicopters and ships to provide aid immediately .
[us] i do nt know if it makes that much of a difference , but i have trouble seeing how this negates the huge leaps in gdp that poland has made .
[russia] even if they were nt making up the results  it s clear that they do  , it would still be not normal to hold referendums within a week or two , under a de facto occupation , in complete isolation when only the insanely propagandistic putin tv is allowed to be broadcast and journalists , activists , politicians get abducted and tortured  often to death  .
[russia] he wanted to get rid europe of communists and you thought it s a magnificent idea , as you basically had the same one for a long time
[russia] anyway do nt take my words seriously since i do nt really know much about politics and economy , it s just the most obvious and mutually hot topic now to talk about with westerners , and i need practicing english , for possible emigration of course   add   i forgot about the most realistic scenario , the oil prices could go down significantly and that would totally ruin russian economy since we have no more significant reserves or other so significant sources of income .
[us] as you mentioned , a lot of people see programs like obamacare as an affront on liberty  which is a disingenuous representation of what most people are actually like and what people actually value , such as charity .
[us] i was instructed to avoid even the appearance of impropriety , and all of my interactions with lobbyists were of the first type that  upapercutsyoureyes described .
[us] edit  thinking about this , i think its important to point out that a newer , uglier capitalism is emerging in the form of the hidden and secretive  investorstate   isds   ratchet  ,  standstill  , etc.
[russia] in that case , the enemy has 2 choices  1  escalate and suffer more nuclear strikes with the possibility of nuclear war or 2  deescalate and call it quits to stop nuclear strikes secondly , the federation maintains a three pronged nuclear doctrine of land , sea , and air delivered missiles and bombs .
[us] the rumpijn that is the japanese martime defense force is bigger in tonnage  which is a far more useful metric to compare capabilities than hull numbers  .
[russia] basically romania laid an egg which created the same country but twice as shit , then moldova wanted to split their country to create transnistria which is 2x as shit as moldova .
[russia] finally , you sometimes need tough guys  a violent , angry minority  to push back the repressive forces such as berkut from the peaceful , nonextreme majority .
[us] suburban governments do nt bring in as much revenue as typical denser cites but require more vehicle miles traveled and consequently they have trouble keeping up with the spread out infrastructure than goes with spread out development .
[russia] now he is no longer available and democratic and lawful europe is ready to sign official deal with what technically is a violent coup .
[us] suspension of this decree the constitutional court , as well as much of the catalan law consultations , the government has prevented complete voter registration within the time limits as well as the organization of the polling stations .
[us] while the point of your post still stands , i d like to point out that the republican party is actually very much against affirmative action .
[us] the three largest renewable fuel subsidies were  alcohol credit for fuel excise tax   11.6 billion  renewable electricity production credit   5.2 billion  cornbased ethanol   5.0 billion
[russia] nuclear  too much pressure from green groups , generally mistrusted by the populace  how about we tell them to face the russian cutting power themselves or go f. . . themselves
[us] there could be an article about unemployment in italy , and the highest comment is saying something like  that s not bad , you should see america   .
[russia] for those who are new to this blog , i remind you that i will split my post about the city into two parts .
[us] this terrified the eastern nations who saw nato as the only guarantee of security , and they lobbied extremely hard to repurpose nato and join it .
[russia] in  the hobbit  the desolation of smaug  one of the dwarves  translators  is telling a joke   path is clear , there will be no  traffic jams   .
[us] in order to keep russia as powerful as possible , he has to attack russia s neighbors and allies , destroy russia s economy , make his neighbors feel as if they need to join nato , and alienate the remaining allies .
[russia] ironically , the exact same reasoning would be used by russia to occupy entirety of ukraine  not sure about western part though  , when they decide to join nato .
[us] i only think germany is hindering the recovery even though i think the countries themselves were to blame for landing in the situation initially .
[us] according to eurostat , the eu s data office , germany s output fell by 0.2 percent between april and june , after expanding by 0.8 percent in the first three months of 2014 .
[russia] by actively denying the crimes of capitalism and the inherit evil of it , you are no better than the mass murderers of history and their cohorts .
[us] yeah right , the 2nd republic s economy slowly started going bad , then both the right and the left blamed it on each other and could nt work together on it and went to war .
[us] europe is therefore playing its own strategy , part of which is increasing integration , which russia is prompting as the baltic states are allowed to see the folly of relying upon russia as a source of natural resources .
[russia] it pretty much says that all the rich oligarchs that lost money due to sanctions and frozen bank accounts will get compenstation from the gosbudget  taxpayers  .
[russia] reaction of the west  which did nt care for georgia  was the surprise  and it seems not only for me but for kremlin as well and sanctions caught them barely prepared .
[russia] at least now we have good relations with cuba  thanks to putin s visit to them and  30b of written off debt  so we ll be able to buy 1kg of sugar per month per person using food stamps .
[russia] so apparently a tv channel of the largest russian private mediaholding , owned by putin s long term friends , managed among others by his  alleged  girlfriend is independent .
[russia] and everyone , regardless of personal opinions , will share the inevitable consequences of chauvinism , fascism and imperialism that rules your country today .
[russia] also telegram is created by russian but now its future is questionable since it was stolen from owner by  oil bandits  as durov called them  company seems to be affiliated with igor sechin  putin s colleague  .
[us] i will be laughing and praying when the biggest economy on earth collapses which is nt happening and would be totally wonderful for an export driven economy like germany .
[russia] tajikistan citizens will have to use foreign passport to enter russia   httpwww.rapsinews.rulegislationnews20140623271573496.html  , russian building industry will be devastated without cheap workforce  i mean if there was a building industry  i did nt see new buildings being constructed in my town for like 7  years  despite its proximity to moscow and prices of homes and apartments comparable to berlin     government is trying to convince south ossetia and abkhazia to stay  independent    httptop.rbc.rupolitics24062014932255.shtml  , does nt want to be accused in 2 annexations  which defacto happened 6 years ago  if not earlier    for any 3 violations during peaceful public protests  i.e.
[us] right now uk healthcare is free to the end users , but the us and eu neoliberals  this is just their general philosophy  feel that is a trade distorting subsidy because it does not offer poor people the  opportunity  to get less healthcare for their less money and rich people the opportunity to get more for more money .
[us] what about provisional application there are some real gotchas in these investment treaties  even unratified , they may still be binding while they wind through the ratification process which can take years .
[russia] i m fairly sure that the guys that are with him are former law enforcement and are technically subordinate to the interior ministry  territorial defense battalions  and you saw the regional police chief around him as well .
[russia] they pretended to be europeans from 17001917 , and again from 1991until fairly recently  i think putin has finally come to his senses on this matter  .
[us] commercial services like hein online and jstor have free search . .  you just cant read until you have access  the university of california also has  mylvyl  search available  i think  from the public web .
[russia] it s true that politicians use nationalism to manipulate the voter base , and yes , i see that s a troll account , but it is nt quite accurate to say that russians do nt care about serbia .
[russia] his company was confiscated but he still has like  1.2 bil so he pose extreme danger for present kremlin administration  browder managed to create magnitsky act having the same amount of money .
[russia] in eyes of intelligence services no one really cared back then , so they might have gotten some ideas from it , who knows maybe they perceive eesti the same way as ukraine and have little respect for its sovereignty , which is a case of concern ofc  its spy games anyway , there is a lot of gray shit out there .
[russia] this is just what capital restrictions can and will do , mainly because world financial system belongs to west and they can do whatever the fuck they want with it .
[russia] euromaidan initially started as a protest to eurasian union stuff , during its 3 months russia was portrayed heavily negative in ukrainian media , so in a sense people were brainwashed and prorussian candidate could not win , then shootings happen and the probability of it went to even lower number and lastly euu . s brokered deal went out the window as well .
[russia] i remember reading a dk travel guide to the baltics that , while quite often describing the lively prewar jewish culture of latvia and lithuania , declined to mention every time the reason why it practically disappeared .
[us] varg is a mild internet celebrity , i do nt listen to black metal but i m pretty sure i was made aware of varg years ago on 4chan .
[us] first of all i dont even think ive seen one movie or show making fun of gypsies in the us besides the british movie borat i do vaguely remember the sherlock holmes movie where he finds a gypsie girl but i dont think i remember anything racist anyways i dont see how you think theyre everywhere in us media .
[russia] unfortunately i am not a guy from kremlin or smtn , so i can only provide my armchair opinion that russia will simply go full nuclear retard and deploy lots and lots of nukes .
[russia] also apartments in moscow are insanely expensive so locals who privatized apartments given by ussr are practically millioners and that does nt add sympathy of people whose property in other cities worth nothing in comparison , they think all of locals are rich , lazy and exploit all the other country , and muscovites think newcomers are poor because they are lazy and dumb .
[russia] the balkans  including romania and bulgaria  are semieuropean , a real twilight zone of sorts , while turkey is not european at all , despite the tortured attempts by some sectors of their society to pretend otherwise .
[us] as i said earlier , for some reason , people are going to great lengths to keep americans happily oblivious of tisa , ttip and even tpp .
[us] additionally , there is still something of a negative stigma of going to a  public school  where tuition and roomboard is significantly less than a private school .
[us] if they want to talk to one another to see what each other is doing  they have to actually pull their boats up next to each other , side by side , and talk face to face .
[russia] the  polite soldiers   as we call them  came from the military base and were there not to take over governmental buildings or shoot at ukrainian natsgvardia , but to ensure the peace .
[us] i hear lots of democrats plan to join the entire gop in voting for them in the lame duck session , maybe at 100 in the morning , like cafta .
[russia] it is not , after all , an uncivilized third world country like ukraine , where rampaging mobs chase out elected officials and make the laws of the land .
[us] i know  uzurfer75 will probably point out that anecdotal evidence is worthless , but my personal experience is that russians think russians are an unruly lot for whom democracy will never work and need a strong hand to lead them .
[us] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibudapestmemorandumonsecurityassurances  following the 2014 crimean crisis , the u.s. ,  6   7  canada ,  8  the u.k. ,  9  as well as the other countries  10  all separately stated that russian involvement is in breach of its obligations to ukraine under the budapest memorandum , and in clear violation of ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity .
[russia] i really ca nt say anything on ttip , i do nt really follow it since it will not have a strong impact on russia .
[russia] the separatists in chechnya were in minority during the wars , albeit well armed by saudi arabia , and after the first war , chechnya got their de facto independence .
[russia] year ago the very same crimean speaker  konstantinov stated that   httpwww.nr2.rucrimea431099.html   google translate     we have our own constitution , which indicated the right to use three languages , the supreme council of crimea recognize russian language language of communication  the speaker said .
[us] i think we should be giving more support , funding  equipment , even training , to the ukrainian government , as well as covert support , such as intelligence sharing  even black ops by covert special forces , but a straightup conventional war  overt intervention is nt going to do any good for anybody , no matter what side of the fence you sit on .
[us] the point is that political will the majority of people in  other regions  of spain may be different than the one you have , but that s life .
[us] halfofme actually thinks that s what putin wants , since it ll give him the  cassus belli  to flood east ukraine with troops and keep it in russia s sphereofinfluence .
[us] but america s role remains essential , not least in providing airtoair refuelling , as well as intelligence and reconnaissance for the european allies .
[us] honestly  i just do nt see how you could continue to be as diverse and independent as y all are today after , say , 100 years .
[us] but than again , we were nt foolish enough to try  implement a currency union without a proper political union and no will for a fiscal union .
[us] they do nt ever tell the truth , they ca nt because most people s heads would literally explode to realize how much they have been lied to , for so long .
[us] it s a good way to try and stick it to the west , by allying with its most powerful rival , but a sinorussian alliance is still one in which russia is the junior partner .
[russia] i will admit that i used somewhat of a hyperbole and a cheap shot at united states , but the main point remains the same , after 2008 war georgia remained a sovereign state , its borders were practically  there are reports about russian fences here and there , but nothing outrageous  untouched , its president at the time is still not in gulag , newly elected georgia pmpresident is pretty european oriented and russia does jack shit about it , european investigation committee has found that georgia started the conflict  read wiki if you do nt believe me  there are no ongoing civil war there , nor every day car bombings and stuff .
[us] the fact they re not much different at all than new england , washington  oregon , which has just about the same population as canada , and the fact they re comparable to both new york  california , which has a decent amount more people than canada .
[us] edit  also , she has a fullride medical insurance and just had a kid for absolutely no money out of pocket thanks to her enrollment in a  prenatal program   httpwww.bcbsga.comwpsportalchpmemberbcbsgacontentpathsharednoapplicationhealthinformationlivinghealthywomenhealthpwad033237.htmamplabelprenatal20program  .
[russia] couple weeks ago in exactly the same situation ukrainian president did nt buy it and allowed kremlin to crap itself  kremlin acted as if they were about to invade eastern ukraine if cease fire treaty wo nt be prolonged  but did nt do it  so now  substantial amount of nationalists think kremlin  putin has betrayed idea of  novorossia  and  ukrainian russians    httptop.rbc.rupolitics09072014935472.shtml  .
[russia] russia    internal affairs    the gunvor company  that many are considering as a personal wallet of putin leaves russia , seeing an opportunity  to rebalance a portfolio  .
[russia] when guys like pierre omidyar finances euromaidan , the possibility of such actions not being approved by washingtonstate department is close to zero , i am sure that in a not so distant future he will be handsomely rewarded with either  a surprisingly successful venture  or  got really lucky on stock market  .
[russia] i wonder if this is a giant spectacle to convince people kremlin did nt kill him or khodorkovsky really decided to give up idea to sacrifice his life for an idea and did nt tell anyone
[russia] this means that the main source of inflation is rising prices by either state owned companies like gazprom , rosneft , any electrical company , russian railroads , rushydro or their buddiesoligarchs who control all the big retailing groups , factories and so on .
[russia] reuven azman told about it on 20 february , the day when snipers killed more than 50 , so it made sense in context .
[us] i know you are going to tell me that usa is one country , but the strong central government of usa is why it is a super power .
[russia] he had the perfect environment , he made all the right steps and he crushed all political and journalistic opposition just before people started wising up to him .
[russia] the only people to oppose him in hungary itself are discredited excommies with a penchant for lying and various marginal academics and journalists with links to the euroatlantic political elites .
[russia] but if us does the same to russia , it s ok . last time ussr set up a base in cuba , us nearly plunged the world into a nuclear doom .
[us] read gats article 21 and you ll see that leaving gats is not even remotely easy , especially if a market segment which has a high profit associated with it is involved .
[russia] iirc it was considered  i do nt know exact english words to translate       but it was never signed by turchinov who was acting as president at that time .
[us] at the page below , there s another discussion of the pros and cons of the ttip energy deal , and i think the cons are more compelling  please read it .
[russia] if they took decisive action they would do a great international good and save ukraine , but they wo nt do that because geopolitics is all about your own interests , and no politician will do anything out of the goodness of their heart for ukraine .
[russia] 30 seconds in google resulted in this marvel   the war in georgia last year was started by a georgian attack that was not justified by international law , an eusponsored report has concluded .
[russia] why everything our government does is borderline retarded and trigger the desire to hit your head against the wall as strong as possible  and stuff like that .
[russia] unless of course somebody is willing to dig through their archive for a reasonable amount  more than a handful  of storiesreports covering acts of corruption by prowestern politicians and oligarchs over the years .
[russia] a review identified four possible explanations for the decline  economic growth , increased numbers of police and child protection workers , greater efforts to identify and prosecute child sex offenders of all types , and  increased treatment of aggressive behavior .  .
[us] from what i ve read , it seems like mostly the men who have  not  had this procedure done are the main ones so upset about it .
[us] driving cross country here in the us , in the middle of the country on major highways , you can often smell them  those places are just huge , i have no idea how big but they must be just huge , and their smell travels so very far .
[us] meanwhile in eu you have countries in germany or austria that are still doing well and they look over to countries like spain and tell them to stop being so morally inferior and lazy and say  tough shit  no matter how bad their economy is doing while having zero control over their own fiscal policy that is influenced primarily by berlin .
[us] i think it has to do with perspective  see , europeans today like to think that europe exists in a postwestphalian space , a postwar and postgreat power politics arena .
[russia] yes , people generally like him , mostly for what he did internally , but for crimea too  that s historically russian land for which russia fought several wars , this issue has deep roots  .
[us] meanwhile in this very sub there was an article specifying that germany is refusing to spend money and allow the busiest water way in the world to be shut down .
[russia] a    on twitter speaks with the full authority of ukrainian government no , it is countexample for  ukrainians simply have more respect for their citizens .
[russia] i could nt believe in prorussian protests because when i was in kharkiv locals were nt even considering ideapossibility of joining russia  it was nonsesual .
[us] coverage  httpwww.medicaid.govmedicaidchipprograminformationbytopicsbenefitsmedicaidbenefits.html basically it s the middleincome americans who make too much money to qualify for medicaid , but too little to afford a comprehensive insurance plan , who get stuck with the crazy bills .
[us] translation     live in the moment bitch   i do nt think that s so much him not thinking history was shaped by individuals as it is him saying it s more important to be flexible  take advantage of current events instead of trying to make a rigid , unchanging longterm plan .
[russia] so , no matter who russia would get as a candidate , he had zero chance of victory , which i guess  upset  kremlin to say the least .
[russia] then after that we can begin talking about the economic warfare the west is so fond of , with the imf and wb hammer and anvil .
[us] the issue of people not being able to see a doctor without fear of bankruptcy , anywhere , is important globally , for public health .
[us] anyone who made it here was seeking something better , and willing to sacrifice practically everything  their family , their culture , etc  to make that happen .
[russia] russia is nt  too poor  , but  neoussr  with joined armenia and  stans definitely will be poor  er   all of them have zero to none per capita gdp , 50  of tajikistan s gdp are money coming from its migrant workers in russia .
[us] russia ca nt just force ukraine into belonging to russia against their will just like he ca nt to the baltics and other republics .
[us] you dont mention gats , nor do you mention the reasons why  nafta   httpwww.law.harvard.eduprogramslwpnafta.pdf  and gats were significant , or their impact on services .
[us] the only way that they have been able to avoid a huge public outcry in the us is by going to great lengths to hide their true nature from the public .
[russia] to quote  umazur49 in the worldnews thread   the monument was removed by the same company  zefs  who sponsored it first hand and they wrote letter to inform about this intention before cooks s coming out .
[us] now the key difference between china and the soviet union is that china so far has not shown any interest in playing political games outside of areas that border it .
[us] thats another reason  a big reason they want to privatize public services , to destroy that duty to protect and make nobody accountable for the huge intentional mistakes to come .
[us] an upgraded version , the jassmer , has a range of about 1000 kilometers but is unclear if these will be sold to poland .
[russia] in this very thread you suggest war with my country , give ideas about some kind of vunderwaffe and preach about democracy and everlasting peace after ww2  which is a whole lot of bullshit in itself  .
[us] there is an ongoing upptrissningsspiral that sweden can choose to continue with , or choose to break  depending on the kind of future we want to see .
[us] i ve had so many italians not holding onto the pole and falling on me , screaming and laughing right in my ear and generally acting ridiculous .
[us] it would be very difficult to distinguish a tactical irbm strike on poland vs us bases in that time and us strategic command would probably conclude that its better to be safe than sorry .
[russia] civilian airliners are expected to stay on course however , especially when they re flight right by a known militarised hotzone where several jets were just shot down a few days earlier .
[russia] lolwut , i got banned after i made comments on one thread right after the first thread i posted on , then appeal , then banned again after i made comments in another thread right after the appeal went through .
[us] back when my ancestors came here not all that long ago , they were ostracized to the point that they refused to pass on italian to their children , so that their children would only speak english and would seem more  american  that way .
[us] three corporate lawyers moonlighting as judges get to decide huge issues of major national importance that have never been submitted to national referendum like public health care in the united states because they could never admit that the people would want a say so badly that the would win .
[russia] as a nation we with no doubt bear the burden of the responsibility for our leadership s actions , at least , to some extent .
[us] no i was talking about the us counting early deaths as deaths while europe counts early deaths as the baby never having been alive in the first place .
[russia] its different because russians never experienced true democracy , while in hong kong it was being taken away from them , most of russians realize that government is corrupt but they re living entire lives with this so they kinda get used to it .
[us] i think it s very easy to make the argument that it d be a lot easier for a vermonter to claim their own nationality and culture if they had been independent all of these years .
[russia] so what we have in sloviansk since 12 april   78 dead  1 officer of alfa , 12 shot in a car , 3 locals selfdefense on 20 april , 2 bodies of murdered found in the river , including deputy from fatherland party   quite a bit of abducted people with unknown whereabouts  antisemitic tv channel with lectures of a crazy conspiracy theorists petrov and neopagan stuff   people s mayor  with  interesting views   httpspay.reddit.comrukrainianconflictcomments23ktdadonetskmilitialeadercallswesternukrainianscgxzcc5   pogroms of gypsies  there are a bit , hmm ... infantile people with aks , because arms were distributed among ordinary people  httpswww.youtube.comwatchvvvb7pw96lq0  base of professional , heavily armed  green men  with antitank rpg26 and stuff all this looks pretty bad .
[russia] i have no doubts us will join ukraine in this war in one form or another  because they ve  guaranteed  ukrainian territory in 1994 treaty and their reputation as world leader will be questioned  even more  by russian invasion into eastern ukraine .
[russia] i actually met a couple in my trip to usa , and they refused to speak russian with me , and thought of themselves as my betters , even though their english was terrible  .
[us] than that should be what we should focus on , if you think reforming capitalism is hard creating a whole new system is borderline impossible .
[russia] 10 or 15 years ago it may have been something else , but getting in trouble with strangers for publically stating your opinion unfortunately is an integral part of life here because to every opinion there will be violent supporters and opposers .
[us] and the us sailors who died from radiation poisoning trying to help japan  one of my points , is that we have to work together , and show each other that we are acting according to the best of our ability .
[russia] i live in tambov oblast , morshanks brewery makes nice cheap beer  may be a little too simple in taste , but i like it  .
[us] the same logic goes for my country when it comes to china s territorial disputes with japan  the philippines in the south china sea , and why china has been so adamant about stressing   quick , limited  decisive wars   in their strategic doctrine since they ca nt win a drawnout or expanded conventional war with the united states   thus why so much depends on short , limited conventional wars  fast responses before the nukes get pulled out   .
[russia] i spent my lunch break analyzing global climatic maps looking for a warm place to live   las palmas  san diego  lisbon  valparaiso  the best city in mexico , forgot its name  some mediumsized city in brazil , forgot its name seems like the spanish and the portuguese managed to nab the best places in the world for their empires .
[russia] so far only 9 dagestani families were brave enough to ask for investigation about their relatives who died in  rostov region   and were fired  stripped of benefits   and dagestan is small territory  2  of rufed s population  populated by ethnic minorities  so hey care about each other  .
[russia] i m not defending the ussr  i was 1 year old when it collapsed , so i do nt remember anything  , but given some time , anyone can put together a similar collection for any country in the world .
[us] i see it the same as having a ton of us citizens armed and ready to fight the government if there comes a day for an insurrection .
[us] assuming i m back to being reasonably lucid and not still suffering from whatever insane breakdown caused me to do it in the first place .
[us] my favorite realist , john mearsheimer , is usually quite against any interventions in the me  though i have nt yet heard what he thinks about is  .
[us] driving from my parent s house in minneapolis to my brother s apartment in chicago is a 6.5 hour drive  400 miles , 650 km  .
[russia] i m kinda fond of the way how you guys do it across the pond with student campuses and such  i bet it s a great time in life when you can spend your academic years with your peers .
[us] your guess is as good as mine as to whether or not another few million rounds of 7.62 x39mm will help you guys or not .
[us] this allows the neoliberals to pretend that americans would support their policies when in fact americans were lied to about obama  told he was left wing  and obamacare  told it was a liberal and not a conservative , right wing ideologically coercive mess designed to  lock the country into for profit healthcare   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  against our will
[us] a sorta allornothing guy willing to drive us off a fucking cliff  let the world burn down around you if you do nt get  exactly  what you want  exactly  when you want it .
[us] that is above and beyond the america is always wrong alternate history to say anywhere that gets invaded it is wrong to ask for usa to help since it is their ally and for usa to come help .
[russia] you and i can be as friendly and peace loving to each other , respect each other and wish for us the best , but this means jack shit when it comes to policymakers .
[us] stories emerge that tens of thousands of israeli pows have been killed and thrown in ditches in the sinai and the hauran , which raises israeli civilianmilitia fear into hysterical rage and makes israeli resistance resolute .
[us] they are the golden apple , the western countries dream of expanding into that growing market which will grow much faster than the mature western economies .
[russia] they tracked a large plane flying over donetsk , the rebels get bombed by planes and the ukrainian army uses planes to shuttle their troopsmaterielsupplies .
[russia] it s exciting how 2 nations which are considered to be beautiful , smart , nice and reasonable people , have jokes about each other .
[russia] and yeah , i think the op was a guy , it s a typically insensitive remark that a male redditor so often makes .
[russia] in fact poland tried to create a buffer zone anyway , they  got a war with the ussr post wwii by trying to grab ukraine   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipolishe28093sovietwar  .
[russia] or maybe a trade as a sign of actually independent  from russia  political will  you confirm we are independent and we ll do the same for you .
[us] i think a great number of both europeans and americans will be hurt tremendously by the 3 ts  tisa , ttip and tpp  in a number of ways . .
[russia] i would add two other wonders to this list    transsiberian railroad   httpsupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons11ctranssibirischeeisenbahn.png  , it s so long that you will finally understand how big russia is .
[russia] if you look at the history of decisions undertaken by the current russian government regarding foreign policy , you can call it many things ranging from cunning to ruthless , yet it s hard to pinpoint actions that were blatantly stupid or perpetrated by a madman from a comic book .
[us] ah sorry , i thought that you meant  printed  on the receipt and not written by hand  you are correct that you write the amount on the receipt .
[russia] this does not look as a carefully constructed master plan to improve russia s positions on world stage or in our own backyard , makes you also wonder what the fuck our intelligence services are doing .
[russia] if you need more recent example look no further than iraq and state of its army , constant reports of mass killings by isis of tribal man , yazidi s and their women being sold into sex slavery and so on .
[us] lowered its preventable death rate to that of the top three performing nations   httpwww.commonwealthfund.orgnewsnewsreleases2011sepusrankslastonpreventabledeaths.aspx     but anyway , it amazes me that you ve made it your mission to come to  reurope , say fuckall about european politics or events , and just hijack every discussion to be about domestic american politics .
[russia] a   august , 2014  definitely yes 6  it is likely 22  unlikely 44  completely impossible 17  hard to answer 11  almost half is in doubts  only a few percent  17   truly believe that they can take a part in polls without fear of persecution .
[us] well , you know this joke   heaven is where the police are british , the chefs are italian , the mechanics are german , the lovers are french and it is all organized by the swiss .
[russia] even to this day the west extracts several trillion dollars in wealth yearly from the developing world , through finance and aggressive manipulation of prices .
[us] also , my  landline  phone worked for a few hours after the earthquake so i managed to get calls off to family members telling them i was okay before the phones went out .
[us] well they re number 3 for lowest latitude only behind iceland and finland , so they ve got that going for them that norway and sweden do nt ...
[russia] 1  content changes hourly as both kremlin and separatists pretend they do nt know exact plan and act independently and 2  content does nt matter  result is defined in kremlin already , it s the same as it was in georgia and moldova  wasteland with handful of locals and  russian peacekeepers  around , readying next invasion  .
[us] neoliberalism is exactly that.a deal with the devil , because it puts profit above the public interest , and to get the highest profits it worships inequality , i.e.
[russia] i see no difference myself , what do you expect from this fine american gentleman who seems to embrace the multicultural nature of his country with all his giant , kind heart .
[russia] show destroyed civilian building , show dead armed separatists in it , show how they made a firing point in that civilian building , show where they fired from that point .
[us] the isa presents an opportunity to design a general exception with a broader scope covering emerging issues , such as consumer data privacy and antiabuse language that is more narrowly crafted so that it can adequately safeguard existing and proposed public interest policies .
[us] in italy , then , the solution is to take a law and order approach while continuing to actively create pathways for roma participation in civic life , but then also to shun and disparage those voices in the italian world which are either racist , or say words only for the purpose of veiling racist intent .
[us] oh gee , i am soooo surprise to see that giant dark smudge on the eastern area of the map , who would have known
[russia] i ve heard that numbers of  volunteers  vary greatly and no one has an accurate evaluation , but if russian population were to believe everything kremlin says , there would be a whole lot more people than there is .
[us] the cultural blemish that is the antiforeskininvoluntary nontherapeutic foreskin destruction movement is an inevitable part of the fundamental cultural problem of allowing involuntary nontherapeutic cultural mutilations to be performed on children  for whatever reason some surgeryloving perverts on the internet can imagine  .
[russia] siberian autonomy is definitely not a real thing though , sorry to disappoint all the western aficionados of irony and karma p siberiaks do have some old roots , but most are there from the soviet days and it s not like they re culturally different .
[us] wealthy families in the us spend as much as  5000 a month on health insurance , to get a ppo plan that lets them go to any doctor .
[russia] and i am not going to get into a discussion about crimea because i m sure you can guess my stance on that  hint  34 people there are russian and the territory was ukrainian only for the past 60 years , 40 of which were almost still part of russia through the ussr
[us] if you think germany , the uk and israel  let alone the us  will stand by while a nuke goes off , you re on drugs .
[russia] in that time frame ukraine  with help of west  possibly could achieve european union membership status being approved , their industry , legal and social institutions reformed and distance themselves from russia quite heavily  nato membership is also a significant factor  .
[russia] in a mind of a russian  we almost never start any kind of shit or a mess , we just react to it and defend our interests .
[us] rail would be the next best thing though considering how much better europes rail system is compared to ours  so long as ukraine separatists do nt try to take the station its being delivered to  .
[us] that is a far leap from saying do nt let people die at your doorstep while having people here saying that europeans are better than the rest of the planet by virtue of birth and definitely do nt have any negative effects on any other areas of the planet .
[russia] but i guess those sorts of civilians are just sub human , undeserving of self determination and apparently incapable of it according to you  how could they be anything else if they resist the glorious eu puppet state
[us] around two years ago a guy in new york state went into a store , and stole a teddy bear , then went into the parking lot , sat down and waited to be arrested .
[russia] it is an issue that i have  extensively explored   httpakarlin.com201202educationelixirofgrowth3  myself , not to even mention the work of more famous men like charles murray , richard lynn , and thilo sarrazin .
[russia] note  protesters are getting 4  years sentences literally for  grabbing policeman s hand    during brawl in a cafe one of participants has used grenade ,  14 people injured including 7 women   httplenta.runews20140309rgd5   and some crimean news  region is turned into second abkhazia  sans ethnic cleansing  yet     poland evacuated their consulate from crimea   httptop.rbc.rupolitics08032014910003.shtml     antiwar protesters are being attacked in crimea   httpwww.amnesty.orgennewscrimeahumanrightsmonitorsurgentlyneededjournalistsandactivistsfacewaveattacks20140    there are at least 3 attacks on journalists in crimea by  unknown  militants  bulgarian journalists , associated press   un representative was forced to get out of crimea by  unknown  militants    civilian selfdefense forces   plant minefields in crimea   httpwww.novayagazeta.ruphotos62620.html  , russian ministry of defense is   lying   telling the truth  he does nt have any clues about russian military vehicles   httptop.rbc.rupolitics05032014909331.shtml  in crimea despite  reports   httptop.rbc.rusociety08032014909992.shtml  about relocation of 6000 troops and vehicles .
[us] also even if scotland has nt shifted many elections to tories , has nt it provided labour with a more sizable majority to work with
[russia] his style would be to make fake videos of voting fraud , flood social networks with them , and then all russian tv channels will show them as independent evidence .
[russia] i believe right now is exactly the best moment to do this because due to concentration of power in russian federation its centralized around just few figures  if they go bankrupt whole structure will fall like house of cards .
[us] i know the exact situation , imagine your situation but the people who do nt want to imigrate are a much larger portion of your population , are 10 times worse about it , are most likely carrying a gun .
[us] i love that russians say it is nt fair to compare themselves to western europe because america dumped money into europe with marshall plan and then you have people in western europe that bitch like they were robbed by being given tons of money to rebuild their countries with .
[us] like holy crap , just think of how angry you would be with whatever tour guide or blog or whatever gave you to drive through hours of nothing but trees and rocks .
[russia] that s the product of the past 20 years of ukrainian textbooks for you  ancient mammoth riding protoukrainians , the mongoloid golden horde as founder of the russian empire while ukraine is the direct successor of kievan rus , 80 million ukrainians  not only in ukraine but throughout southern russia and siberia  before the holodomor , etc.
[us] as far as people losing their rented homes , somebody who have to know the fact that some very large percentage of affordable housing in dozens of large us cities was built under these postwar deals and around 15 years ago , most of these large buildings , which house literally milions of people were fairly recently bought by large investors who clearly intended to force the occupants out , and they have been trying to , but the people are not moving out or dying at the desired rate .
[us] you realize that if you ban circumcision , the way jews will  figure it out  is a  leave and go somewhere where raising your son to be jewish is not illegal  or b  perform illegal circumcisions .
[russia] that did nt happen in moscow  this time  , but that happened the same day in other cities ,  for example in novosibirsk where the rally was too allowed by local officials and nobody violated law but proputin thugs and police .
[us] it does nt , so i would say at least half , probably much more of america s unemployed people are nt counted as unemployed .
[us] i know that he s not going to be popular with everyone , but at the very least the man did great things for people with disabilities and accessibility by making true touchscreen devices that worked well and were affordable .
[russia] it also is governed by south ossetians , who might ethnically be russians just to be precise , south ossetians are ethnically ossetian , a small iranianrelated ethnicity .
[russia] the thing is , you lost track of which group the  evil western media  was supposed to ignore this week , and you contradicted yourself blatantly here s the funny thing about you denizens of  reurope  a sub i was mostly proud to be a part of  save those occasional antigypsyantiimmigrant jerks  until the whole shitstorm blew over russia .
[us] say what you want about the failures and hypocrisy of modern democratic states , but widespread protests are allowed to happen and they serve as an outlet .
[us] as such , he argues against the vivacity of liberalism as a theory  and it is in that theory that europe more sees the world through .
[us] us supreme court justices are nominated by the president and then confirmed by the senate , but it s hardly fair to say that the respective branches are not separate .
[us] although it kept itself largely organized as a operating unit , the reorganization of the government and the financial downfall made that apparatus blind to the activities of other nations , especially the nato alliance .
[russia] while riots in kiev resulted in mixed opinions with mostly supportive comments as nobody liked yanukovich and many did nt believe   stories   propaganda about  ukrainian nazis taking over the state   idea of russian troops in crimea and claiming this territory is overwhelmingly supported by public .
[us] this can be everything from not delivering packages to the region if they re addressed to the annexed region , denying them the ability to control their air space , refusing to do business with businesses there  conflict in regional ownership creates conflict in taxes  , etc.
[russia] woman from video  1  says that she personally saw two dead bodies  sergey and pasha  pavel  , one more was wounded and died on the road to hospital , he was nt identified because his face was disfigured .
[us] i get the impression that all western countries think allowing immigrants from all over is an inherent good thing simply by virtue of other countries doing that .
[us] furthermore , they do nt quite seem to get , sometimes , how nato is a very important piece of the puzzle , and as such , they can say things  with a straight face  like  upestibecsi   i think it would be high time to disband the nato .
[us] 25  2  , vienna convention on the law of treaties 1969   provisional entry into force  there are also an increasing number of treaties which include provisions for provisional entry into force .
[us] the data came hot on the heels of a string of dismal data from germany in recent weeks that has fed anxieties about recession in the eurozone .
[us] russia , however , argued that the budapest memorandum does not apply to the 2014 crimean crisis because separation of crimea was driven by an internal political and socialeconomic crisis .
[russia] result is lack of course and development for this particular society  because capitalism here is suppressed and does not provide any development as well  .
[us] but the mali mission has so far proved successful , and likely because of the substantial help france got from the us  largely through the air force .
[us] if russia wants to fight nazi s they should start within their own borders , since they are the biggest safehaven for extreme right groups in the world .
[russia] vitaly milonov  author of antigay laws  in early 2000s participated in antiputin and antiwar protests with posters like  no to militarism  hitlerism , stalinism , putinism  ,  milosevic  fascist  ,  fhrer lukashenko  , etc.
[russia] given cope s accounting that imperialist countries spent about  7 trillion on imports from third world countries that year , this means that roughly  3 trillion of value was transferred from the peripheries to the imperialist countries in 2009 through the undervaluing of goods exported to the imperialist core by the third world .
[russia] oh you people and your double standarts  3  yeah , poor poor poland   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikipolishe28093ukrainianwar  , literally saints , not trying to stomp county in the middle of a fucking civill war and defeat in wwi .
[russia] i think the only viable solution is confederalization plus a temporary moratorium on further cooperation with eu or russia until the situation sorts itself out .
[us] this is a victory for the environmental lobby and a defeat of sound science ,  he wrote in the 20 january 2009 edition of the vancouver newspaper the province .
[us] httpwww.climatesciencewatch.org20140630bipartisanpushforlngexport a jump in energy costs is something that could easily have major adverse effects on both employment  and housing affordability  in the usa .
[us] hk likes to really overcharge on the basis of how they put special german space magic in all their guns , for only a marginal improvement in performance .
[russia] if reuters can not even grasp the difference between the russian perfective and imperfective , how can you trust their highly selective interpretation of the interview
[us] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiaphroditegasfield   according to turkey   turkey , which does not recognize the border agreements of cyprus with its neighbors ,  11  threatened to mobilize its naval forces should cyprus proceed with plans to begin drilling at block 12 .
[us] the 3 tftas block any new public healthcare , explicitly , by means of their standstill , ratchet and isds corporate entitlements ,  so why is democratic senator harry reid promising that obamacare is a  stepping stone to single payer
[us] the region is nt very defensible to start with , and as you ve said , there are nt exactly tons of allied troops in the region .
[russia] i have my own opinion on this but i really do nt think i ll be able to convince you  neither do i need to  .
[us] the difference between , say  gullah   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikigullah  ,  appalachia   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiappalachia  , the  louisiana creole   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilouisianacreolepeople  , and others throughout the usa is far more than simply a  different kind of pizza  and an accent  there are very real linguistic , cultural , and religious differences between those people .
[russia] personally  taking a cue from how the us would respond  i would favor retaliating with cruise missile strikes unless apologies and reparations were immediately forthcoming .
[us] it s god s place to judge , so if being gay really is an unforgivable sin , then it s a problem that should be dealt with in the next life .
[russia] hence stupid monuments and other retarded shit happening in russia , we are not exactly the sanest or smartest bunch and susceptible to marketing campaignspropaganda , since whole capitalism , marketing and everything that comes with it is relatively new for russian consumers .
[us] so it s trying to go fullspeed in two directions and is tearing itself apart in the process , thus endangering future stability  integrity .
[russia] but to mock every single sanction imposed at the same time covertly  or not so  supporting  rebels  would surely have a greater impact you would think .
[us] local roads such as city or county roads are payed for typically by the citycounty s general fund  property , sales , taxes ...  .
[us] like i said things change , the only reason europe is nt continuing it s imperialistic ways is because they lost power and america is very powerful .
[us] edit2  i just found this much longer list   this other list i found via google   httpsocialinvestigations.blogspot.co.uk201403compilationofparliamentaryfinancial.html  and have no other information on it s  provenance  .
[us] it s not something our country will probably  think about   and those are nt meant to be sarcastic quotes at all  for a while .
[us] phony growth masks their criminality but it does it at the expense of the investors at the end of the chain , the stockholders .
[us] i was replying to this   i do nt know man , americans even manage to piss off other americans to great efficiency  if i go by what i see on the news  .
[us] if you want to see coordinated yelling  take a look at a team like texas am . they hold practice the night before to go over the yells .
[russia] anyone have any info on  russian sociological service of the anticorruption fund  they conduct polls of different types but mostly over phone , are funded by donations  only from russian citizens and nonanonymous  and all work now is done by volunteers  about 400 people as of april  mostly from moscow where they have a small call centre but apparently from many other russian cities too .
[us] any truth to story about ceauescu , upon being asked if he had any last requests , said  can you shoot my wife first so i can have at least one moment of silence before i die
[us] if everyone involved in the catholic church suddenly decided that homosexuality was perfectly fine and gay marriage should be accepted , then that s what would happen , regardless of what leviticus says .
[russia] state workers and students in state universities were forced to vote earlier than today and often were guided to make them choose a  right  candidate .
[russia] thing is almost every company in russia is involved into money laundering  starting from minuscule 5 employees offices  and whole business is controlled by fsb  literally  if you want to receive cash illegally  from your own bank account , mind you  you meet real fsb agents and pay them  5   .
[us] isds is not bound to legal precedent , ignoring the abc of international law and introducing further uncertainty  the lack of case law in isds has led to inconsistent arbitral decisions with different legal interpretations of identical or similar treaty provisions , further increasing uncertainty and fear referred to in point 1 .
[us] their can be many benefits to immigration , just look at the economic growth of the united states  in 1789 we where an agricultural society of three million people , now we are the worlds leading economic power with a population greater than 300 million .
[russia] it represents a case of tu quoque or the appeal to hypocrisy , a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent s position by asserting the opponent s failure to act consistently in accordance with that position , without directly refuting or disproving the opponent s initial argument .
[russia] my ex got married to an american and moved overseas , she told me that all is great there and asked me why i m still sitting in msk etc.
[us] sometimes poor people find rich people that support or agree with their political causes and get them to lobby for them , only they call it charity .
[russia] in russia , news from within the country and the government are manipulated to appeal to the average russian and keep them voting for the right party .
[russia] if you think that there is one neat paper that covers almost a century of history of largest state in the world , well , that s just not possible .
[russia] again , i am pretty sure that spetsnaz gru has no need for woman or children to fulfill their objective if central hq orders them to , ukraine is in no position to defend itself , thus all the current buzz .
[us] they ve had enough success that anything short of postage stamps prominently featuring long , engorged , sinewy cock wo nt have any effect .
[russia] well , at least it i think this resignation is a right thing to do in the time of   austerity measures .   economic troubles  since austerity is expected to come to an end for spain  .
[russia] i will not comment on imf , because for a russian this is an organization which  advised  shock therapy , privatization and all the other wonderful things that happen to my country during 90s .
[russia] few days ago somebody published similar  decree  on the official site of the federation council of russia  that time it was about deportation of crimean tatars .
[us] did you read the  successful nrc petition   httpswww.nirs.orgreactorwatchnatureandnukespetrulemaking262011.pdf  about the meltdown threat posed to the whole world by one solar storm just like the ones we ve already had in the recent past  obviously not
[us] it was the emergence of an albanian revolt in 1911 , threatening albanian independence , which galvanized the serbs to find common cause in the balkan league , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue .
[russia] devaluation of currency is also good for exports , bad for population again  caz a lot of food and goods is imported  , but you can blame west once again  i would like to know the amount of  real  foreign investment in russia though , not money laundered in tax havens and offshore such as cyprus , netherlands and later returned to russia to do business .
[russia] for all your squealing about them , you guys do nt seem to be getting the hang of this  european values  thing very well , are you
[us] the user before me lists a number of reasons why the eu has been more successful in a number of areas while still managing to retain each state s autonomy and independence .
[us] at least here in the us , when you re trying to make the decision , you have academic and medical sources citing benefits .
[us] it is kind of aggravating to live in a state in the us with a big population and know how underrepresented you are in the us senate .
[us] i almost get the impression that many germans think they re going to turn back into nazis or some shit at increased military spending like werewolves react to a fullmoon .
[russia] extreme lawlessness and penury of the 90s , the crash of 97 , then an ascendant and very strong as well as effective leader rising in the 2000s slowly chokes off all opposition until there is nt much left .
[us] look for a document by jane kelsey entitled  how to read a services schedule  then read this   gats and public services systems   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm   about the narrow interpretation of gats exceptions .
[us] call it tribalism or nationalism or whatever you want , but until that attitude changes there is nt much that is going to change .
[russia] a   august , 2014  yes , i always am 38  yes , i am , but with some limitations 28  no , i m not  i m afraid or feel uncomfortable  6  i do nt need it 26  it s hard to give an answer 3  ok , we have a quarter of the population which does nt give a fuck about politics .
[russia] such modifications certainly are nt uncommon here and considering fact all cars are being inspected every year  afaik  by road police  it must be legal .
[us] the house also has the power to elect the president if no presidential candidate receives a majority of votes in the electoral college , but the ec has only ever been deadlocked twice in our history   and the last one happened close to two hundred years ago   .
[russia] until this idea with siberian republic was reanimated by a group of artists there were just handful of people who pursued idea of  zelesie republic   nationalist russians mostly  in the center of russia and it was perceived as stupid game of far right radicals .
[russia] a lot of people here  not you however  live in rich western countries and they wax lyrical over freedom , but a lot of people will take a stable economy , a decent job and food on the table over freedom in eastern europe .
[us] insurers allow a brief grace period if you get behind  somewhat longer if you re receiving premium subsidies  but they will terminate coverage for nonpayment .
[us] httpwww.ttip2014.eublogdetailblogttip20jobs.html links to a bunch of article about jobs , some predict modest growth , but the most recent projections point out problems with the models used in those studies , and predict up to 2 million jobs lost .
[russia] half of opposition will fly of russia , second half will die of starvation , rest of the people will completely depend on putin s friends .
[russia] it s just replacing locals with migrants where possible  state capitalism requires cheaper workforce , locals are much more expensive than population of  stans .
[russia] here is how you could really shill and sway public opinions  my thoughts   1  register a number of alt accounts preferably via proxies , tors and other shit , so that your ips would show different places of the world , thus negating the possible investigation of mods  i dunno if they see ips and shit , so i included them as well   admins .
[russia] on february 22 he published 8minute televised address full of blatant verifiable lies  for example , he claimed that rada s speaker rybak was beaten by protesters  rybak himself said that it was just absurd  where he stated that he is not going to sign anything , assuming that he already executed his part of the deal .
[us] if the solar storm recorded by a nasa probe in july 2012 to have hit it  it was orbiting at one of the two lagrange points , if that cme had hit earth , we would have lost our global power grid and in all likelihood , large areas of the planet would still be without power .
[us] such treaties provide mechanisms for entry into force provisionally , should the formal criteria for entry into force not be met within a given period .
[us] i d probably look the other way though if someone rounded up the rise again people and shipped them to a certain base in cuba .
[russia] we are not in a movie with collective hivemind , where any news are instantly being transmitted to everyone in the area via telepathy .
[russia] government is actively engaged in talks about raising taxes or introducing new ones , constantly want to change the budget  every 3 months or so  , a shit ton of  investment projects  from  innovative rosnano  is borderline bankrupt or have no demand at all .
[russia] opposition in russia does not exist , reasons for that are plenty and thensome , there is no alternative to putin apart from maybe navalny guy , but he looks a bit shady and i would say that he moved into political field too soon , he should a fought corruption and bribery more , develop his brand and recognition and do the other political stuff like gathering supporters , developing positive political program with changes and all the other shit politicians do .
[russia] you can cover face , change voice , there are a ton of things you can do , but i am supposed to  take your word for it
[us] then often those former officials  now major stockholders of the companies that their actions themselves gave them entitlements to remain . . and to no reversing out of the privatization trap . .  edit  for an eyeopening look at what i mean by no reversing , read this case between a dutch insurer and slovakia httpwww.italaw.comcases417 httpwww.italaw.comcases2564  for their brief assistance , the revolving door officials often then get to cash in .
[us] implications for the united states in the u.s. , water for drinking and sanitation is almost a completely governmentrun , nonprot and heavily subsidized service .
[us] yes , that had been the theory that i had heard when studying history but it seems it s far from the only theory .
[us] i think banning hijabs is a bit excessive , but if they re going to do it , the act might as well be consistent .
[russia] regardless , he identified problems at least i guess , though i have my doubts that by  going to the people  or supporting small time groups in their projects some drastic change would occur  scale of the problem is bigger than it seems and has deeper roots in my opinion  .
[us] i ve worked for companies like atk  they made the solid rocket motors for the space shuttle  , general dynamics , caterpillar etc. . . everyone from management to engineers went to a local state school for the most part .
[us] and i assure you , from my research , in the next ten or fifteen years or so , many  if not the majority  of americans , will feel that way .
[russia] a lot of smaller states instead of empire which will fall apart anyway and harm a lot of other countries in the process if it will have enough time .
[us] i always viewed lobbying as a way to keep money in politics transparent instead of forcing it underground and not knowing from where or to whom it goes .
[russia] ukraine got a chance to be more democratic since the people were not lured into worshipping an autocratic leader , since no effective ones came to step up to the podium .
[russia] oh , i know , i saw it , but it is not impossible to find an esti who speaks russian , or rather , an esti of russian descent .
[us] though this could never work because other anglo countries have a bad view of america and america is too powerful for there to be a real gain .
[us] the russian s are as wary as anyone about the risks in some extremist group getting its hands on weapons that could threaten them .
[russia] then you brought in comparisons to nazi sympathizing and hysterical tirades against vague ideals and lauding the supposedly superior human rights of  other nations  .
[russia] accusing people of being antisemitic is the new blood libel , indeed i was compared compared to hitler by one of this subreddit s most respected posters .
[russia] in two or three years the west will get the brand new version of iran this time fully equipped with nukes , icmbs , sams and modern aircraft ... just located a few thousand miles to the north .
[russia] russia s atrocities under stalin were equally horrific as hitler s , ah yes , not only do you not know that russia was only one of 17 soviet republics , you also do not know that much of its leadership was not russian , nor that most of its people were not russian .
[us] i agree somewhat with the things you are saying , but you take them and run with them to an extreme position that ends up with a result that comes off looking absurd to me .
[russia] he did nt reply yet and i doubt he will do it  there is official case opened around this situation and participants may be prosecuted .
[us] the districts would be the same regardless of the race of the people living there , assuming the voting patterns remained consistent in the same areas .
[russia] to give you a clue about possible goals of putin  recently president s administration issued purchase order for 100 cradles protected from radiation and poisonous atmosphere .
[russia] option number 1  sign the pact  after  munchen 1938 treaty and prevent war for a couple of years  with all the prospects of japan joining in on the fun , may i remind you axis existed and japan did tried to poke soviets at the time  .
[russia] if government will offer tax break or small sums of money in exchange for a territory nobody but couple millions locals have seen  i bet everyone will be more than happy to give it up for few hundreds bucks .
[us] probably not high enough for all industries , but the facts remain that until we replace carbon fuels with something cleaner , our way of life mandates that we burn energy .
[us] countries run from russia because of russia s extensive resume of how it treats  friends  over the decades and zero intention of changing even after ussr collapsed .
[russia] some people does not like figure of genghis khan  he killed almost half of population but mongols can be considered creators of russian state .
[russia] i work for a russian company that does a lot of exporting to the united states , so i have to visit america a lot because of that .
[us] putin s domineering creating a russia dependent on his rule for stability does nt exactly make me think a postputin russia will lead to peaceful resolution with crimeaukraine so much as it does make me think russia will go back to that awful business in the transition period .
[russia] speaking on czech tv on sunday , mr stropnick said no such petition had arrived  however , if need be , both czech fighter jets could be deployed in romania or other countries in the region .
[russia] the fact that plenty of european and american officials traveled to sovereign country and  officially  supported euromaidan , while giving zero fucks about turkish protests  or more recent hong kong  forces me to read between lines and take it for whats it worth .
[russia] most likely foreign companies in russia will not be nationalized and investments of foreign citizens and organizations will not be touched because it s impossible to tell the difference between  russian  and  foreign  company as most mediumbig local companies are registered in offshores  examples   rusal   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikirusal  ,  vimpelcom   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikivimpelcomltd .   .
[russia] europeans will mercilessly dismiss the russian military as a bunch of incompetent drunks and then hide under their blankets following such an outburst of courage till us shows up .
[us] well , the two have totally different  standards of evidence  when it comes to making regulatory decisions with public health impact ... thats very important .
[us] there is no cheap way to go to college in the us any more if you actually want to get a real college degree .
[russia] there is no excuse for fucking over the lives of russian families who now have dead sons brothers and fathers that were just poor conscripts .
[russia] i do nt see how the crimean tatars should harbour resentment towards russia about something a georgian dictator did to them in the 1940s , especially when stalin came down on a lot of people .
[russia] russian is taught at schools as a foreign language despite very significant ethnic minority  just to compare  languages of ethnic minorities are official in the regions of russia where those minorities live  .
[us] til cosmetic tail croppingdocking is illegal in many european countries including sweden , norway , finland , denmark , switzerland , austria , germany , the netherlands , greece , cyprus , luxembourg , the uk .
[us] but it also represents much more than that as well and that s where things get tricky trying to blanket it solely in the  slavery  aspect .
[us] if those pools of spent fuel are not supplied with water they could eventually enter a condition called  loss of the ultimate heat sink  and melt down .
[us] declining costs   although declining costs for everything from transport and food to clothes can be good news for consumers , disinflation  or slowing inflation  makes it harder for borrowers to pay off debts and for businesses to boost profits .
[us] i am simply hoping to show that if an american  only  pays attention to medical sources and not cnn and suzy down the street ... the choice is not clear at all .
[us] and there s more  the un recently returned two german transall planes , saying the oldtimers were not suited for the mission in mali , it had been decided to lease transport planes from ghana instead .
[russia] yes , unlike other famines of that time , that famine was in significant part due to human factor , a  mismanagement  if you want .
[russia] you d have to be crazy to side with the other team , hillbilly trash vs a sophisticated and timeless , infinitely wealthy  basically a modernday count of montre cristo , minus a burning and stewing desire for revenge  you want to marry a forgiving guy , i m sure  .
[russia] official reason is  too expensive   as if the price matters when they are going to steal most of the money or other stadiums cost much less or 50b winter olympics were nt expensive .
[us] you also completely ignored the obvious issues that russia has zero business having even a single soldier inside of ukraine with the exception of being located inside of the leased crimean bases .
[us] of course if you see a doctor that is nt covered by your network you ll have to pay more  that s just how insurance networks function .
[russia] all the same , this war is oftoverlooked by westerns who know nothing of it , especially because it does nt fit in the  poor oppressed and humble poland always attacked by the russian baddies  narrative .
[russia] killings , abductions , rapes ,  sex  slavery , human trafficking  they were all sports champions , let alone jihad activities at home , in chechnya .
[us] i had even heard about this island hospital , its commonly known there that this really horrible thing happens  what happens    they justify their use of disabled children   even children of favored members of the  core  songbun groups
[us] entering civil war unprepared with an archaic army of misfits , being moments away from being gadafi d by muricafranceuk this was nt really similar .
[us] isds uses citizens  money to bail out corporations for risky investments  in total ttip would enable 75,000 companies to seek damages from eu and us governments  hence citizens , through taxes  .
[russia] i do nt think we will see any  improvement  on that front at least until earlymid 20s , there would be no more new deals in terms of nuclear weapons , russia will remain extremely hostile to u.s interest around the world and would try to seriously undermine them at any chance ,  trade  will not improve either .
[us] yeah but honestly i ve gotten along swimmingly with turks , iranians , saudis , and russians even though i have nothing but contempt for their governments .
[russia] i think that vaeldr was trying to hint at the possible outcome in other parts of europe where muslims can become a majority and then create a breakaway enclave that at some point in the future becomes a whole new country .
[us] in fact , hawaii would be hurt more in this example than crimea would , because it would disrupt a lot of transpacific trade .
[russia] very fact that journalists in russia are murdered for saying things the government does nt like that s actually not a fact , that s an assumption .
[us] in addition , over 715,000 us workers also stand to lose their jobs under this scenario , giving a total of over two million job losses in total .
[us] we have outdated milk laws that make it extremely difficult to use unpasteurized milk , which makes buttermilk , cheese , and other dairy products noticeably blander .
[russia] but your world view is so simple that you ca nt handle the idea of someone critical of the maidan without being pro russian or a propaganda spewing caricature .
[russia] there is a very clear lineage of events , and it did not start with people seizing buildings out of a sudden surging love for russia .
[russia] among people i know nobody think  ukrainian adventure  will have positive effect i guess anecdotal evidence does nt matter in this case but i have to say that i ve never met any of hardline putin s supporters .
[russia] lisichansk oil refinery  was attacked recently   httpitartass.comekonomika1328434  for completely unknown reason , that s one place were separatists have absolutely no reason to be .
[us] there has been some straight up conspiracy level shit pulled in the uk lately  the whole muslim school fiasco being one  that really start to make people realize there is a problem .
[russia] russia is much bigger than sweden so there are cultural differences between most its zones so the point you were trying to make is stupid .
[us] so we must couch things in terms of whether we have concerns over a particular level of human exposure that s going on in the population ,  he says .
[russia] you can make as much pierogi as your neighbors , friends , city , country can buy and then you hit the economical wall of  demand met  .
[russia] i remember couple months ago they said they can not gather even 1 thousand of local volunteers  and  unlike today  they were kind of winning side at that moment   i guess their present declaration means rufed is sending 3 fully equipped military brigades  that s 1015 thousands soldiers with artillery , tanks , apcs , etc.
[us] in a decade , i ca nt see russia being anything other than a country with an economy on par with moldova s  while the former communist eu countries like poland and slovakia and the rest of the world continue to rise  , its already sickly demographics fleeing to the likes of china , germany , and canada .
[us] i know i would never vote for anyone that would even hint at doing something that hurts europe or leaves the people in eastern europe in danger .
[russia] next comes russian liberaldemocrat party , its leader being something in between johnny rotten and nikita khrushchev , with constant epatage attempts and questionable comments on politics .
[us] it might not be the primary response from the government  after all , most of the population does nt commit crimes at all , and of those that do , most do nt try to violently resist arrest  , but threat is always somewhere down the pipe .
[russia] i believe it s good news   government is about to reverse the only useful thing dmitry medvedev has done as a president   russia is about to adopt completely useless wintersummer time switch   httptop.rbc.rupolitics26062014932826.shtml  , again  this is how they  work   adopt policy , revert policy , profit    robber posed as buyer and  stole  13000   httpwww.bbc.co.ukrussianrollingnews201406140624rnmoscowcaracalstolen.shtml  worth  caracal   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikicaracal  kitten from its owner under gun point .
[russia] so , always recognise them in first turn , but recognise them in second turn only if it gets first or second place in first turn .
[us] i assn also happy with every country that joins nato because it means they will never have to worry about war like the people in ukraine do .
[us] that s less than half the average of 5 percent in the past 10 years , and below the 4 percent threshold that characterized the japanese deflation experience in the past two decades , according to jpmorgan .
[russia] if given a choice of whom to put as a head of state  although i never voted for the guy  i would choose putin over a random piece of shit or a western appointed  prominent opposition leader  , because from my point of view western leadersthink tankspoliticianscorporations  banks do nt give a shit about a russian or his everyday life , or what he think .
[russia] 30 billions will be enough to hold falling rouble for a month or two  it seems only central bank believe rouble wo nt turn into toilet paper in few months .
[russia] why not compare a famine , arising from complex , numerous , and highly diverse factors which included not just major environmental and structural influences but also  demonstrably harmful  actions undertaken by ukrainians with the intent to disrupt production , to the thoroughly documented systematic extermination of entire cultures and populations across large geographic areas .
[us] we certainly would appreciate you guys not making it seem like we re victimizing you somehow , or that your relationship with us hurts you .
[russia] since ukraine was nt even going to let the people decide as people in kosovo in 2008 decided unilaterally , it could be said that it would never happened if not for russia .
[us] but after a while and congress not looking like it was going to resolve anything soon , the states stepped in so that they would nt lose too much tourism .
[russia] just my personal opinion , but it s hard to not gawk at the rugged masculine german faces and then sigh when you go back to your country .
[us] each episode is about 22 minute long and movies are about 90 minutes and 90 minute movies are around 10gb in 1080p uncompressed so yeah sounds right .
[russia] the russian regions of the country are the ones with the biggest jewish population  excluding kiev now  i thought it would be obvious  the rich one is promaidan .
[us] the original quote was   its  russia s  military plans involve the  early use of battlefield nuclear weapons   something that is a serious taboo for most nato members .
[us] i m jealous of some of the things that exist in countries outside of the usa , but i ca nt do a damn thing about it .
[russia] the former are descendants of indigenous tribes that lived under rule of ottomans  turks   the latter were conquered by moscow centuries ago and became russia s 2nd largest minority .
[russia] exchanging prisoners is a common practice there , sometimes they give some kind of guarantees or promises to not fight anymore and go home and stuff like that .
[russia] instead he decided to voluntarily run away cutting all communications to the point that even people from his own party were not able to contact with him .
[us] us political discourse and the issues described on blogs these days is a simulacrum , not real . . i.e , not unlike the truman show reality . . a fake tv land .
[russia] still the guys in kremlin think they represent heritage of kievan rus  instead of tataromongols who have destroyed it  and may borrow ideas for propaganda .
[russia] if russia is rejected , laughed upon , ignored , threatened or disregarded by west , russia has no choice but to look for other centers of power .
[us] the high quality of the eu s public utilities should be preserved in accordance with the tfeu and in particular protocol no26 on services of general interest , and  taking into account the eu s commitment in this area , including gats  .
[us] alex salmond insists independent scotland would remain in eu    httpwww.theguardian.compolitics2014apr28alexsalmondindependentscotlandremaineuropeanunion   scottish first minister says it would be absurd for secessionist scotland to reapply to join european union    alex salmond has put himself on a collision course with westminster and the european union by insisting that an independent scotland would automatically remain in the eu while still enjoying the uk s key optouts from the eu regime .
[russia] it was already falling before the whole ukraine biz went down with the government saying something like  its to stabilize internal economy , after we do we ll raise the ruble again .
[us] its a black hole of corruption and waste . . public health care works , and it saves money , which is why the obama closet neoliberals , the us gop and your tories feel they need to kill it .
[us] the authors found that , on average , those who had east german roots cheated twice as much as those who had grown up in west germany under capitalism .
[russia] a new pm will need a new cabinet , which includes the defense ministry and the interior ministry  both vital positions in any physical power struggle .
[russia] meanwhile , civilians in slaviansk are being killed by artillery barrages and airstrikes , and the airport is controlled by right sector militias , as this president attempts to put down another revolution like the maidan that placed him into power .
[us] well iran , belarus  the beloved 47th oblast  and the  stans , serbia , and a begrudging armenia  who has no choice  sounds like a pretty ragtag bunch , considering nato has pretty much a monopoly over europe .
[us] on top of that , the u.s. wars in afghanistan and iraq will cost taxpayers  4 trillion to  6 trillion , taking into account the medical care of wounded veterans and expensive repairs to a force depleted by more than a decade of fighting , according to a new study by a harvard researcher .
[russia] fyi , the russian state tv news programs are often 100  about ukraine  even when there are huge and important domestic events  because it s understood that this is the biggest crisis since the cold war which has enourmous consequences to the entire continent .
[us] i know this will be an unpopular opinion , but the tuition money does contribute to these universities quality , at least in terms of innovation , research , and gaining student experience that can come from them .
[russia] russian nationalism could end imperialistic agenda of this regime  and the regime itself  so government brainwashed population to not to understand difference between nationalism and nazism  it s the same for most russians  and people literally see any nationalists as  nazis   russian nationalists included  .
[russia] i do think however , that if you are weak economically and lack vision and desire to improve your country , you might get the rough end of the stick the same way some countries already had a pleasure to experience .
[russia] china is nt afraid of crimea being some sort of an example or precedent , they shit on these things just as for that matter the west will shit on the very international laws it  creates  .
[us] there s no point in trying to have a rational discussion with someone who calls you so many vile things and threatens you for an opinion .
[us] you might check out  rcredibledefense for the thoughts of some of these systems from people with real world defense experience and much more knowledge than i have , including things like strategy .
[us] the low skilled manufacturing jobs that will be replaced by automation have already been outsourced to china and we are still very far away from the automation of service jobs , so since more automation will produce more high skilled jobs in the west i think for the west it will be a net benefit .
[us] what saville did is disgusting and i just wish we could have tortured the cunt before he died but that is no reason to sweep this problem under the rug .
[us] if you pay attention to the ridiculous nonsense that happens in washington with dan snyder , it is unreal how he can be worth so much money .
[us] no doubt , thats why they are trying to use ftas to render any future electoral reform completely ineffectual to legislate by means of their  regulatory capture    1 means of doing that is these invisibly created  rights   created by means of isds .
[us] he has a heavily biased view  which is ok , everybody has their own biases , but get your news from a variety of sources .
[us] but if that s really a concern , then a workfromhome job eliminates transportation costs , and also tools , if a computerbased one .
[us] bad people definitely exist , and bad people can definitely be in charge of governments , so it seems that you re kind of floundering here .
[russia] i m sure he is more intimately aware of what happened to  his own damned unit  than you , sitting in safety as an armchair generalcouch warrior and smugly declaring that he s a scared sheep  the sheer gall of you to call him  afraid  as he fights russia and sheds blood for his country while you presumably jerk off and play games on your computer is rather amusing , to be honest .
[russia] when we were going over yet another russopolish war , he proceeded to say   your people invaded my country , killed my country s children , and raped my country s women .
[us] only now , instead of us watching it see stable , broadbased growth , we re watching it have unstable , germanfocused growth that s basically turning the entire continent into a extension of the german export machine while boosting german influence in the eu as a whole , influence that will only continue to grow unchecked if we see a brexit happen .
[us] because as soon as any area had a windfall be it in natural resources or business they would suddenly feel the need for independence from the rest of the  leeches  in their country .
[us] it is pretty hard to say europe has their hands clean when these countries were ruled by europe and had their borders drawn by europe .
[russia] what good , exactly , is loudly supporting japan on the kurils when over close to 100  of russians support russia keeping them  according to opinion polls
[russia] russia  , bearly any news since the government started the war on information  eu s neighbors joined sanctions against kremlin  iceland , albania , montenegro , norway , lichtenstein   senator  sentenced to 5 years because he was selling senator positions   httptop.rbc.ruincidents26052014926287.shtml   afaik  fraudulent  sales of positions in the government is the only crime which may result in real sentence for high ranked state employees  positions are for sale anyway , just not everyone allowed to sell them    cis is practically dead as  ukraine started to prepare documents to leave it   httptop.rbc.rupolitics27052014926591.shtml    russia united with kazakhstan and belarus into  eurasian union   i wonder  why exactly they have  eur  in the title
[us] with all of this new stuff happening with russia invading ukraine though it makes me worry we will go full circle and back to the bullshit again .
[russia] that s because  polite green men  where there not to , ah , suggest correct voting  both options were acceptable for russia , with second crimea would keep enough autonomy to prevent ukraine and its new  friends  from pushing russia out of sevastopol  .
[russia] httpcensor.net.uanews275026vukrainenetniodnogoregionajitelikotorogovystupalibyzaobedineniesrossieyiopros  the referendum clearly showed this to be not true , with 96  voting in favor of joining , and only  3 thousand people rejecting russian citizenship   httpwww.novayagazeta.runews1681097.html  .
[russia] some day soon people from africa and south east asia will be talking about europe like this in retaliation for all the genocides and famines you europeans have visited upon them constantly in the past centuries .
[us] there are a lot of law enforcement agencies of tier1 countries that , to pick a example at notveryrandom , wanted to take down all files on the internet relating to 3d printing guns , and were perturbed when it could nt be done .
[us] as far as manufacturing , we re not at the point yet where there are many completely automated factories  although almost completely automated factories do exist and have existed for quite a while .
[russia] in the book divided world divided class , zak cope , using real world data , found that the ratio between the value of goods exported from periphery to core and their actual prices in 2009 was 1.4 .
[us] and if this your theory , you need to annex more land , because there are other people in ukraine who consider themselves russian .
[russia] on behalf of russia i would like to apologize that we are not giving out free gas to everyone , i know its disappointing to ask money for provided services , but we are such an unreasonable bunch
[russia] i ve read those stories in russian and i imagine people wrote them themselves so language must not be a problem for those people .
[russia] so these violent protesters that have been killing the police and illegally seized power are the good guys in your eyes , and eastern ukranians that started to resist are the bad
[us] surely , if this was such a tragic epidemic , ngo s begin grassroots efforts in educating the populace of the harms of energy drinks in regards to minors ...
[russia] and it seems that nobody out of them have equipment to detect position of artillery fire  you know , stuff that was developed and worked well since wwi .
[us] all i know is , that if a politician running for potus said they would substantially reduce troops in europe , as well as the us s guarantees to nato , i would probably vote for them  regardless of their other politics .
[us] many toll roads in the us  and i assume other countries as well  let you pay the toll without slowing down , by getting an rfid device to stick to your windshield .
[russia] note  next thing i expect to see in ukrainian conflict are fighter jets piloted by  concerned citizens  and explanation how rebels have captured them and quickly figured out how to use military airplanes .
[us] the biggest insult obama was facing was being called muslim because those  religious  people could nt call him what they really wanted to call him in public anymore .
[us] because i usually see baseless , sensationalist comments about my country upvoted immediately , often when the us is nt even relevant to the conversation .
[russia] edit  some really bad  and fresh  news in the end  during night there was an attack and 5 people were killed in ukrainian town slavyansk , russian ministry of foreign affairs declared it s ukraine broke geneva treaty during easter ,   mayor  of the town is asking for russian  protective invasion    httptop.rbc.rupolitics20042014919197.shtml  .
[us] defence as well as the un has noted that our greatest security threat is climate change and men s violence against women who harvest significantly more lives than those that die in military conflicts .
[russia] i did not vote for putin after i moved to russia and now us and if you read history carefully you would understand why russians do nt stand against putin .
[russia] i mean their site is literally wordpress with litepress theme , they have very little information about them , no information about chief editor for example .
[russia] if situation would spiral out of control , there is a chance that russians and russian military will start  dealing  with crimean tatars  2 russians died the other day one of whom was a woman , when tatars made their push  .
[us] fly away costs for f35s are also predicted to be  lower than the gripen ng by 2020   httpbreakingdefense.com201312lockheedboastsf35willcostlessthanany4thgenfighter  , but it might make more sense to for finland to integrate more tightly with sweden , and save on costs that way .
[us] we can see that this idea of  they are a violent , oppressive group , which we can not allow support for  gets into tricky territory , and potentially can cause further extremism by replacing debate on the marketplace of ideas with statebacked  us vs.
[russia] the antipathy of the ukrainian tatars is groundless as far as i see , and if that antipathy is truly strong  which i do nt know if it is or it is nt  they may be digging their own hole , as it will only cause the locals to distrust them .
[russia] he just loves to hold people in constant and unnecessary stress , from routinely being late to meetings to frightening merkel with his dogs , or smilingly saying  it drowned  and nothing more about circumstances of kursk tragedy in a major interview , or publicly violateing traffic  or whatever  laws , or using obviously provocative vocabulary borrowed from hitler .
[russia] but with kremlin confirmation bias does nt work  they like to make nearly worst possible decisions and i would nt be surprised if couple years later they ll start to threat neighbors with nuclear bombs and missiles on fully loaded strategic bombers .
[us] for example , mearsheimer  does not believe that china can rise peacefully   httpnationalinterest.orgcommentarycanchinarisepeacefully10204   however , the worst case scenario of a conflict between the us and china , in his view , is quote  only  unquote  economic warfare .
[us] well since the russians are denying claims that they have a sub there , i guess they wo nt mind if the swedes do a live fire exercise with depth charges ...
[russia] edit  1  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofcountriesbyalcoholconsumption pure alcohol consumption among adults  age 15   in litres per capita per year , 2010 rank  country  litres      4  russia  15.1 edit  2   drug use death rate by country   httpwww.worldlifeexpectancy.comcauseofdeathdrugusebycountry  .
[us] read the ttip  neotiating mandate   it  bars any new public services in its 38 signatory nations   httpdata.consilium.europa.eudocdocumentst111032013dcl1enpdf  , and mandates the gradual dissolution of existing ones .
[us] by one estimate , sixty percent of all apartment fires in moscow are caused by massproduced soviet television sets , which hada tendency to explode .
[russia] so 75  answered correctly about the sun , while only 34  answered correctly about katyn  vs 24  who think it was done by nazis  .
[russia] on march 18 , 2014 svoboda party members published a video online of svoboda mps beating acting president of the ukrainian state broadcaster , oleksandr panteleymonov , and trying to force him to sign a resignation letter because he decided to broadcast the crimea ascension to the russian federation ceremony in the kremlin .
[russia] from a random russian point of view i think there is a media campaign currently going on around ukraine and its protests , its not unheard of to create fake profiles of brave freedom activists  i remember reading about a gay woman from egypt during arab spring who turned out to be a dude from london or smtn like that  to sway public opinions  or to piss someone off  .
[russia] it s not wholly farce because some republics do have quite remarkable autonomy , chechnya or dagestan for example , and others have little autonomy in some matters but more in others .
[us] speaking from personal experience , wahabbi s in ksa keep pictures of al bagdadi on their phone like you or i would keep pictures of our family .
[russia] edit  to add , i understand that russian people on reddit usually know about the rate of exchange of their country s value , since , first , they have to communicate in foreign for them language , which is english  second , it leads those people to know how their country is running internationally .
[us] when they delivered the food , the head manager came out , sat down next to us , and personally apologized for the delay .
[russia] ...   the report claimed that conflict started  ... with a largescale georgian military operation against the town of tskhinvali and the surrounding areas , launched in the night of 7 to 8 august 2008    yep , ignorant you are .
[russia] if russia will attack asap there will be hardly any resistance as ukrainian army is paralyzed after government change and probably demoralized after rapid crimean assault  as you could see few hundreds russian troops took over whole crimea without a single shot .
[us] heck , my bet is that in 20 years  a relatively short time considering the ussr imploded a quarter of a century ago  , russia s 2014 borders will be containing a few smaller countries .
[us] if you live in the uk , i would also hunt down people like allison pollock who has written extensively on gats and the ftas and the impact on health care  their privatization agenda  bmj i think offers a feee basic subscription . . also pubmed.gov in the usa has  for some reason  only older papers on this issue ,  1990s and before  not more recent ones . .
[us] even if the us and russia were to become strong allies , i m pretty sure it would  still  be a bigger threat than is .
[russia] its funny when someone from the only country on earth officially having citizens 1st grade and citizens 2nd grade talks about violating human rights .
[us] neoliberalism has to do with economics , with the idea of free trade , and a governmental administration deals in all areas of running a country , not just the economic side .
[russia] they are greedy , they want to control it , they are not interested in public health or better competition , they  will  raise prices .
[us] you left out all the truly american foods that were invented here   cheeseburgers   http2.bp.blogspot.comf4ra7zhlaissrzgdqxwbiaaaaaaaada4gtpmdvacyis1600farmhousebaconcheeseburgerpg.126.jpg   reuben sandwich   httpnonsequitur2013.files.wordpress.com201304reubensandwich201103083792.jpg   philly cheese steak   httpwfbf.comwpcontentuploads201402pf641sandwichx1144smaller.jpg   nachos   httpwww.sogoodblog.comwpcontentuploads201402supernachosrecipe.jpg   buffalo wings   httpswww.pilgrims.comimagesproductsprod16030.jpg   mac  cheese   httpfreerecipenetwork.comwpcontentuploads201207macncheese.jpg   biscuits and gravy   httprecipegreat.comimagesflavorfulsausagegravyandbiscuitsforacoldmorning01.jpg   tater tots   httpchriskohatsu.files.wordpress.com201203tatertots.jpg   hot dogs   httpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommonsffbhotdogevanswigart.jpg  deserts   key lime pie   httpbrightcove.vo.llnwd.netd21unsecuredmedia103324914400110332491440011826558153001ariorigin05arc1861346965477367.jpgpubid1033249144001   banana split   httpwww.smokenmist.comwpcontentuploads201307bananasplit.jpg   smores   httpfoodimentaryguy.files.wordpress.com201205smores.png   chocolate chip cookies   httpcookingthestrip.files.wordpress.com20130708salteddarkchocolatechipcookieswiththymecookieplate.jpg   blueberry cobbler   httpwww.maureenabood.comwpcontentuploads201208blueberrycobblerpost.jpg
[us] politicians have terms so that different people can replace incumbents at regular intervals and adjust laws so that they maintain their relevance and the governments remain legitimate .
[us] a limited war that can retake the baltics conventionally would be completely offthetable without the proper power projection and your only option would be nuclear strikes .
[us] keep in mind that global climate change is unpredictable enough that we all really should be better to one another , we all , meaning the entire human race , need each other more than we think .
[us] the only people i knew who got into lots of debt went to expensive private schools or out of state public schools  going to a public school in the state you live in is significantly cheaper since your taxes go to paying the universities in your state , going to another state means they do nt give you any discounts since you have never funded that university with your tax dollars  .
[russia] it s very hard for me to be nationalist looking at the fact that even within the generation of my parents i have russians , ukrainians and belorussians .
[russia] and let s not forget the crimean tatars , who got deported en masse to siberia by stalin because hey let s fuck with them nope .
[us] this mindset of course implies that the almost all of mankind has no agency  except the elites and the conspiracy theorist who  sees the world as it truly is   and that they are being puppeteered .
[russia] well , we would love to , but the west has constantly been pursuing a policy of containment against us and working against russia s influence .
[russia] this is a personal opinion obviously and i do not represent russian government in any way , shape or form , but when i listen to what ukrainian officials say , i start to wonder how the hell are they in their positions , where are their educationdiplomacy skillslogiccommon sense
[us] but more people are recognising every day that the business as usual approach to economics , society , environment and politics is now untenable .
[us] john vidal ,  nuclear s green cheerleaders forget chernobyl at our peril ,  the guardian , april 1 , 2011  8  what do extended grid blackouts have to do with potential nuclear catastrophes
[russia] the deal will turn the ukraine into a breadbasket , just look at what happened to moldova , after it signed the eu deal its agricultural industry grew at the cost of most others .
[russia] i d rather let us conquer russia  shit , that would improve the country likely  and even enslave us rather than use nuclear arms .
[us] maybe  you are nt underfunding your military , but if the money is there then you have serious , serious structural and institutional problems .
[russia] but that does nt stop me from seeing that many of the same character smears used against putin are now being applied to orban .
[russia] moreover , ukraine is about to bite the imf shitsandwhich whilst simultaneously losting out on the  16 billion promised by russia  only  3 billion were handed over  .
[us] i would much prefer the economy of a militarized gas station that only exports vacationing soldiers and threats and ca nt compete against the market .
[russia] if it is the recent hints putin was throwing in response to possible sanctions against our country s economy then i believe that is very much justifiable , you screw us  we screw you back .
[us] wellhead oil pricing is a very complex topic , especially since there are many different grades of crude and pricing varies between wti and brent on the global markets .
[us] i am not the op but , here is what i suspect is one of their goals , which they can not tell us .
[us] other countries would benefit  maybe not a whole lot thb  from cheaper finnish products  probably lumber because what else will people buy from finland that is nt phones or something angry birds related  .
[russia] soviets  goal was to simplify and all the written languages to optimise massproduction of books , i m sure they had problems with arabic script .
[russia] you know damn well what happened there , they got off on a technicality of never putting the promise in writing , read the article instead of summarising it  which you did , so do nt misrepresent it  .
[us] rather than the collectivist approach applied in nazi germany , here politicians are using a divide and conquer strategy , where we are force fed terrifying  news  to get us fearful , confused and when appropriate , angry  black and white ideological ultimatums and politicians who are never held accountable to their campaign promises  and a heavy dose of entertainment to keep our anger non violent and diminish our focus .
[us] if you say that you are going to kill anyone , and the police think that you are serious , you can be arrested for assault .
[russia] also the way you word is sounds like the ukraine army is specifically targeting the civillian population , which i think is highly unlikely  especially because there is probably still quite the number of ethnic ukrainians there  .
[us] those issues though , exist primarily as a failure of how the eurozone is administered rather than a failure of  western  capitalism in general .
[us] out of the other things you listed  not delivering packages to the region if they re addressed to the annexed region only impacts the people there .
[us] the point i m trying to make is that russia does nt have to have the present situation that it is in at the moment .
[russia] considering how well the guys from nikolaev kicked asses of proputin thugs who tried to seize administrative building , it s seems that majority of them are  banderivtsy  from  right sector  .
[russia] as a history major , you d know that most ukrainians are closer to ethnic persians  scythian tribes  lol , you remind me once again why i came to the us to study history .
[us] not that it matters much to you guys , but if you want the world admiration the swiss enjoy , the act the swiss and stfu .
[us] spanish yields fell to 2.039 percent earlier this month , from 7.751 percent just before draghi boosted confidence in the region with a pledge in july 2012 to do   whatever it takes   to save the euro .
[us] the whole system in spain is set up to keep older , entrenched insiders protected and the younger , less well connected on the outside .
[us] and in the longrun the effect can be to lessen the dynamism of an economy to keep it from adding new jobs .  as the eu and us are saturated markets , adding additional consumption through additional trade is limited .
[us] you do nt honestly think he gets anywhere near bucharest before we come in and bitchslap them back to the stone age , do you
[us] wwii , was bad but the really worst disaster for china was in the late 1950s and early 1960s the  great leap forward  period especially was the time of an unbelievably bad famine in china .
[us] better alternatives exist  whereas isds is a subsidy , from the public purse , for activities at risk from tighter regulations , risk insurance is offered by a host of private providers but also for example by the multilateral investment guarantee agency  a division of the world bank  and others .
[russia] seeing some anti government guy is very convenient because he s 100  not affiliated with cops or any influential people and that means there is little risk in trying to fuck with him and possibly mug him .
[us] basically ,  the fact that bottled water is already sold   or if anybody has been charged for water in any other way  in ireland means that it could not be seen as exempted as the definition of services supplied  in the exercise of governmental authority  requires them to be supplied  a  not on a commercial basis , and  b  not in competition with any other service supplier .
[us] traditional political parties are going to be bludgeoned over the head with the fact that they are going to have to engage people on their terms , over the internet .
[russia] technically , the foot of the ladder is in ukraine , but maybe they decided to make the guy take up two countries since they had a lot of blank space .
[us] for example , one us political candidate who looks like he might get a lot of support from a right wing think tank , has proposed  eliminating weekends   voluntarily  .
[us] your bank will only allow you to take out eur 700month or so   to the insurance company ,  to get student insurance  the german  auslanderbehoerde  ,  to get your student visa  and possibly to the university  also , if you want a german bank account  essential  , you would have to show this piece of paper to the german bank .
[us] i agree with you on that , but by the time something that overt happens the country would already be isolated economically by the west that there would nt really be much left to do .
[russia] goddamit , i came here to buy stuff , not see you smile like it s 3 am in a bar and you got me a vodka with cranberry juice .
[russia] so it was decided that russia would cut its losses and get at least a little on the chance that it would get nothing if britain invaded .
[us] so its not just about putin , its about the very very well justified fear in eastern europe , which can not be described adequately in words , that russia is capable of any kind of barbarity  due to its past .
[us] note that as far as i know , even  heads of government  are forced to use this reading room situation . .  so they have plausible deniabiliy  .
[russia] i imagine there will be news some 3050 years later  moscow state forgave belarus its 500bil debt to russia   just like it happens now with  debts  of cuba , venezuela , etc.
[us] i think the idea was that the explosive decompression would be so intense that the passengers would lose consciousness before they realized what was happening .
[russia] perhaps analyze the system you live in and bear in mind that , just because  you  may live comfortably , does nt mean everybody does .
[us] 20152016 academic year costs and estimated personal costs   tuition  48,700  student association fee  60  matriculation fee  350  room and board  11,700  books and supplies  1,275  personal  1,475  transportation  1,000 so when you say that tuition is  expensive as fuck  at roughly  1,300 total , you are going to get some funny reactions from us yanks
[us] than prepare to be surprised at just how unfriendly countries are to the idea of being apart of a organization which allows their constituent regions to go above them  force a national breakup .
[russia] it s not like they wanted to destroy the memorial itself , the location is simply too important for both sides from a military standpoint .
[russia] if we wo nt allow rufed to fall apart peacefully kremlin will start a lot more wars  in the end it will be either best korea or yugoslavian scenario  with possible use of thermonuclear weapons  .
[russia] there have been plenty of interference from both european union and u.s. as of late , including officials visiting antigovernment protest and giving them support .
[russia] if there would be an escalation of sanctions , it is highly likely that russia will begin abandoning everything that has to do with western financial system or western products , thus stimulating our our production and economy .
[us] httpsatsignal.eusoftwarewxtrack.htm people can also sometimes listen to the iss with a  12  rrtlsdr dvbt tv dongle   if you live in the eu , may even already own one
[russia] the deeper problem is that the recent  last 14 years  of russian military reforms aimed precisely at eliminating the bloated postsoviet military with a smaller but highly efficient force .
[russia] this article is yet another  ukraine is the real russia , while  russia   who really is a race of aliens from outer space  is trying to steal ukraine s glorious culture and history and pass them off as its own to look european  bullshit .
[us] and as you will notice , these ftas try to use  investorstate dispute settlement   or  isds   ,  indirect expropriation  ,  standstill  ,  ratchet  ,  rollback  and sneaky trojan horse clauses to make democracy impotent to change anything that adversely impacts a corporate investor s profits , which basically makes it so governments can not do their jobs .
[us] they d still be putting more of their gdp into defense than a third of the other countries , and they re only a bit behind the next third .
[us] kaiser health news  debate grows over employer plans with no hospital benefits   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014september26employeeinsurancehospitalizationcoverage.aspx  as companies prepare to offer medical coverage for 2015 , debate has grown over government software that critics say can trap workers in inadequate plans while barring them from subsidies to buy fuller coverage on their own .
[us] then , in 2012 , after a compendium of data on health benefits and drawbacks had been reviewed , the aap and medical personnel in the us generally took a procircumcision stance .
[russia] it is actually painful to see western governments still support this regime after it occupied 5 territories of georgia , moldova , ukraine as if these countries deserve to be occupied and 4 suppressed wars within european  borders  means nothing but a minor distraction which can be neglected if russia is pumping gas and oil .
[russia] subsidize farmers via ecb credit lines or smtn , this is nowhere near the bailout levels of any banks and this is peoples jobs and livelihood .
[us] the aim of negotiations on trade in services will be to bind the existing autonomous level of liberalisation of both parties at the highest level of liberalisation captured in existing ftas , in line with article v of gats , covering substantially all sectors and all modes of supply , while achieving new market access by tackling remaining longstanding market access barriers , recognising the sensitive nature of certain sectors .
[russia] ofc not every single one of them , yada , yada , but you should get the idea  the general cultural level of runet is pretty low , flame wars , name calling , people s moms involvement , constant negativity etc etc.
[russia] high oil prices helped putin give new chechen leaders enough money to stay russian federation.and now chechnya gets a lot of money from federal budget .
[us] it s also due to the fact that the usd is on a huge strengthening streak right now  it has gained vs all 30  major currencies this month .
[russia] russians on the other hand were traumatised by the social and economic upheavals of the 90s which is how a man like putin rose .
[us] i probably just encounter this minority a lot because i m into military history and many casual fans of military history  from any nation  are very nationalistic .
[russia] bbc.co.uk   httpwww.bbc.co.ukrussianrollingnews201410141026rngunvorrussia    the local chief of nadym s pipeline  zaurbek kelekhsayev began hunger strike to protest against plunders in one of subsidiaries of  gazprom   znak.ru   httpwww.znak.comyamalarticles27101953103144.html    rospotrebnadzor  issued an instruction on the fight against a pediculosis .
[us] also , eu being more proactive in trying to stop isis would help alleviate the situation outside of eu instead of having to deal with the results of refugees inside of eu .
[us] now , one corrupt administration can bind a country s future to their extreme corporate agenda , with no date that it ends , they claim the fta s bind a country to the investor s special interests ,  forever  look at what happened in  achmea v. slovak republic ii   httpwww.italaw.comsitesdefaultfilescasedocumentsitalaw3206.pdf  .
[russia] your approach to diplomacy is terrible , you ca nt intimidate someone into loving you and you ca nt argue with someone s feelings .
[russia] the eu enjoys its wages , consumption , and standards of living off of the broken , exploited , starving backs of billions of third world workers .
[russia] a natural development for pretty much any political or economical event , the smartest thing is to look how things work out and then  provide statement  .
[russia] the only anticommunist spirit of the maidan was svoboda and right sector , people who hold as their political heritage the mass murder of communists and minorities .
[russia] well , this is the point of having  secret protocols  for stuff like molotovribbentrop pact , what was the motivation behind this pact and what led to it is whole another matter .
[us] if we intervene in ukraine , we will win , we will route the russians , and i have no doubt that the russians  will  deploy tactical nuclear weapons to cover their retreat andor force a stalemate because of that .
[us] many people believe   and believed , as was the case with archduke ferdinand  many of his advisers   that the hapsburg empire collapsed because they devolved into a dual monarchy that concentrated power between the germans and hungarians   who together accounted for about 44  of the total population   to the alienation of everyone else instead of federalizing into something like a  united states of greater austria   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiunitedstatesofgreateraustria  .
[us] i m not saying i ordered the genocide of thousands of muslims , but i m responsible for the genocide of thousands of muslims .
[us] by the way , the same article also mentions that the european countries had trouble scrounging up a additional 10 airplanes for the operation , which makes me suspect that the secondtier nato members have serviceability rates somewhere in the ballpark that germany does .
[us] then germany will have to provide for its own security , and the eu  if you believe that the eu had been one of the premisable
[russia] but the antecedents of that lie even further back , namely , the much earlier development of mass literacy in western europe  which in turn has its roots in protestantism  as well as  probably  considerably more favorable climatic and geographical conditions .
[russia] as for something nice to read about russia  i follow a couple of nice bloggers on livejournal.com , but unfortunately they only blog in russian .
[us] i knew he was a bitter fuck lying through his teeth acting like hitler came back to power and forced people to pay taxes .
[russia] now , if you shit in people s head for several months in a row , regardless how big of a lie you tell , on subconscious level you will start associate russia with everything  bad  , this is just how human brain works .
[us] they were still retarded though , in that they marched a bunch of unarmed children into a centuries old warzone and hoped that would bring peace .
[russia] i would say that he is right there with drunktard yeltsin , a lot of people lost everything or almost everything , this is not something that is easily forgettable .
[us] httpwww.thedailybeast.comarticles20140902areamericantroopsalreadyfightingonthefrontlinesiniraq.html   the pentagon is denying that u.s. troops are fighting isis on the ground in iraq  but eyewitness accounts and kurdish officials tell a different story .
[us] i am not precisely sure if he means the us should completely give the  kaiserslauten military community   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikikaiserslauternmilitarycommunity   which includes  ramstein    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiramsteinairbase  to germanyeurope , and the us military would only be  on site  at the kmc while wearing a nato cap ... or , if he means that the us military would leave 100 or so us military capwearing administrators  for example , at  landstuhl regional medical center   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilandstuhlregionalmedicalcenter  , or what .
[us] and in my opinion forbidding and organization is not nearly as bad as , i do nt now , lets say . .  ... putting someone in jail for at least 5 years because he says  let s kill the president   6   ... destroying harddrives of journalist because of  national security  i do nt think you have any high ground on this one bud  the united states has a far stronger record for protecting hate speech and allowing anyone and everyone their right to say whatever batshit crazy things they want .
[russia] update  russian lawmakers to allow ukrainians to get  russian citizenship instantly   httplenta.runews20140228passports   without leaving ukraine , without living in russia , without source of income confirmation , etc.
[us] and exactly what you re doing to me here  putting me in a box and informing me there are things i ca nt do because of my background , is a microcosm of the problem .
[russia] i am sure you do nt forget to remind to those around you that thomas jefferson was first and foremost a slaveowning douchebag and abe lincoln was a racist asshole .
[us] i know you are always eager to be a putin apologist , but feel free to tell me how punishment is nt an accurate word for sanctions .
[us] obviously the answer is that they weighted the results in a certain way , but it s still silly to rank the livability of nyc far higher than any other us city when it s arguably the most expensive  rent , food , entertainment  city in the us .
[russia] now if you talked about countries such as portugal , spain , greece and cyprus , these countries are in trouble because they had an economic bubble , however the thing is that without the eu and without eu funds , they would be lot more poorer than they now are .
[us] while service industry is a massive portion of our labor pool  me among them  , the tripleshift , 247 business is relatively rare  manufacturing , denny s and 711s excepted  .
[us] i think the best approach no matter your background is to teach your kids about all religions , all ideologies , all major points of view  and then let them decide for themselves what makes most sense to them .
[us] everybody else who pays less gets care that s limited and only around 10  of all americans can afford even the most basic nongroup coverage which could be remotely said to be adequate .
[us] in february 2001 , the solicitor of a former bae systems employee , edward cunningham , notified serious fraud office of the evidence that his client was holding which related to an alleged  slush fund   1992 nao report  edit  the uk national audit office investigated the contracts and has so far not released its conclusions  the only nao report ever to be withheld
[russia] economical dominance is more likely , since putin  his friends seem to embrace the idea of chinese partnership  questionable deals with unclear profit for russian population  .
[russia] for instance , russia did not demand stuff to be dismantled from crimea when it carried over to ukraine by the soviet , ukrainianborn premier khrushchev .
[russia] there are  or at least there  were   nonnegligible number of locals among them , also many fight for the idea , not for monetary gains .
[russia] the holodomor was a combination of natural famines which had been endemic to the region since long before the fall of the tzars and poorly managed resources .
[russia] there are actual russians that could be decently debated with , and i do nt see why you even need to see poor quality posts other than to have a lightning rod to bash russia
[russia] but hey , ethnic russians are the only population that it is politically correct to hate in the west , so let s all focus on those  177 acts of violence against blacks  in the past four years .
[us] do nt be foolish , at the end of the cold war russia backed of if the west promised to not interfere in it s slice of the third world .
[us] right now germany is getting the benefits of cheap labor coming in from other countries and having a cheap currency compared to the dm if it still existed .
[us] i remember reading something that the us takes an extra step to try to save babies who will die compared to europe who does nt even count the babies as having been alive so it artificially makes the us infant mortality rate look much worse than europe .
[us] hmm i know i payed 10.50 in the schuetzenfestzelt last weekend ... and i consumed 5 liters , so good to know i m above average .
[us] maybe you re right though , maybe germany may realize that draining the rest of the eurozone  weakening the south s recovery is a doubleedged sword , and actual reform will be implemented .
[russia] russian language changed a lot since xvii century  peter the great times  , english language changed a lot too , but ukrainian language hardly changed for nearly a millennia
[us] it would take years and years for the eu to spend enough on defense , the pooling of defense resources and the like , to secure its own defense and security with the us not being a player .
[us] well , i have a way the eu can double it s gdp , the trade off is the the average iq of brussels would decrease significantly .
[us] httpswww.youtube.comwatchvo5hxtnsydak  not taking anything away from the excited fans in serbia  they are definitely into the game  but the us  definitely  has super hypedup fans and stadiums .
[us] isds , in contrast , allows companies to sue government for any legislation they deem unfair or inequitable that is developed after the treaty  effectively introducing arbitration on legislation .
[us] httpwww.wto.orgenglishresebookspeanalyticindexegats03e.htmcomm so ,  one corrupt government can silently make these changes and that creates a unbreakable noose which gradually privatizes the entire market segment , irreversibly  .
[russia] as for turkey and gulf states , your intelligence services know exactly what is going on there , so in a manner of speech its happening with a quiet approval  since no one seems to object or some parties are actively interested in regime change  wink , wink , nudge , nudge   .
[us] i judge presidents harshly on their foreign policy and less on their domestic policy because in the us system of government the executive has the most power in foreign affairs .
[us] here   httpwww.state.govrpaprsdpbindex.htm  , find our state department claiming that russia is our   1 enemy  , and i ll believe that you are nt a blathering moron .
[us] i dont use windows but i often run wine so that i can use wxtrack  it also has a bunch of special isscommunications related features which i have nt used yet .
[russia] the quality of the armed forces went up , not sure what will happen in the future , but the russian military is no longer a joke .
[russia] however , i m not aware about cases when build servers of a popular distros were compromised and produced compromised binaries , so it s more of a theoretical threat .
[russia] i hope we leave it  not only pace , but the coe , echr , and osce  altogether and stop wasting russian taxpayer money on those russophobic eurocratic sleazebags .
[us] so whereas immigration from all parts of the globe can be a good thing for these new world countries , it does not mean it is good for european countries .
[us] after surgery , surprise  117,000 medical bill from doctor he did nt know  nytimes.com   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.html  . . and  out of network , not by choice , and facing huge health bills  nytimes.com   httpwww.nytimes.com20131019yourmoneyoutofnetworknotbychoiceandfacinghugehealthbills.htmlr1amp  httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014september26employeeinsurancehospitalizationcoverage.aspx httpwww.nytimes.com20140902businessincreasinglyhighdeductiblehealthplansweighdownemployees.html many can not afford silver plans , even though they are the only ones which offer tax rebates  although the tax rebates which were used to sell the aca in 34 states  are now threatened by several lawsuits   httpwww.nytimes.com20141001ususcannotsubsidizehealthplansinstateswithnomarketplaceajudgerules.html   , even the currently cheapest bronze plans are not being bought by many people because they are too expensive  even the premiums are too expensive , a lot of americans do nt realize that there are these other costs
[russia] also i d like to see more comments regarding whether it s a cultural norm or more of a thing brought by the shifts in the economy .
[russia] see the map of the snipers  httpsmapsengine.google.commapviewermidzvkhqufcetxo.kgcjaocfbd7u only few positions were accessible to protesters , and they were accessible to yanukovich forces just as well .
[us] the whole german guilt complex teaching in school was started thanks to americans ...  forced burial of death march and concentration camp victims by german civilians  dp camp   httpwww.ushmm.orgonlinefilmdisplaydetail.phpfilenum5529
[russia] pretty much zero faith that anything would be reformed in any meaningful way or that population will embrace any of the changes is a political reality in russia .
[us] most of the chicken i buy in the us is brined and plumped up to make it bulkier , i d actually kind of prefer some rules to reduce the bloat .
[russia] add few more  stans , unite armies  and it will be almost the same country  huge , poor , corrupted , aggressive and armed to the teeth .
[russia] the snake chokes on its tail and the broken cycle goes on and on and on , until our grandchildren will finally disintegrate the globe without even remembering who wronged who and when .
[us] the us uses some huge amount more power than most other countries . . what we should do is try to reduce our power usage to the world average .
[russia] authorities treat migrating population as if it was from different countries  i did nt heard anything like us citizens need passports and work permits when they cross borders between states  .
[russia] it may come offensive , but there is a decent possibility that russians do nt give a fuck about portugal and its culture and just do what it wants , without looking back at your culture or with an aim to intimidate you .
[russia] the chinese interpretation of the french revolution was nt quite settled yet , at least at the time of the statement , hence the explanation by my former professor .
[russia] ussr was a decent concept on the surface but its faults became apparent when a brutal dictator like stalin was able to seize power and kill millions .
[russia] i can understand  worldnews  being heavily shilled with it  7 mln subs  even paid to mods or smtn  , this sub however is 100 times lesser , the closest to european official seen here was some danish lady i think which did an ama , what makes you think that russia will waste time and resources here , especially judging by  reurope frontpage and comment section , quite ineffectively
[us] this did nt happen because ... the violent parts of maidan were nt disarmed  contrary to the deal signed between the eu and yanukovych  , and stormed admin buildings .
[russia] anyways , the west did nt cared when mainland ukraine ignored crimean referendums in the nineties and landgrabbed sevastopol which never belonged to ukraine and , being a city of state importance in the ussr , answered directly to moscow .
[russia] i mean , if nearly every developed country having research reactor , can build plutonium bomb and almost everyone can build uranium bomb , should nt we just accept it as fact
[us] if you re going to let your neighbors be gobbled up just because they re not in nato maybe the whole idea needs to be rethought .
[us] in countries like italy , cities are very close together and town squares are condense enough that it is easy for people to make a living off of pickpocketing , stealing , or begging .
[us] provisional application may continue even after the entry into force of the treaty in relation to a state applying the treaty provisionally until that state has ratified it .
[us] i know you ca nt fix everything , but at least with the power of the us military they have the possibility of saving some people and making areas stable especially in areas that are allied to usa .
[russia] meaning no one would immediately cancel them , there would be a time lag of 3  month anyway , otherwise all of them were meaningless  putin trade deals with latin america would go to shit as well .
[russia] i can at least be free to be gay in many parts of piter and moskva even right now , but in omsk i hear you ll just get your face beaten .
[russia] i ve yet to see anything that contradicts that  and mind me , russian media is the last source of information i d go to  .
[us] if you got a strong military , eventually , you would use it , and the last time we did we left four years of brutal war on everyone s front door .
[us] anytime you make a comment , i ll reply with the screen shot to let other people know what kind of person you are .
[us] given that the us is trying to deceive americans about the ftas and then deceive europeans about the  success  of us health care , i think my telling the truth qualifies as caring  a lot .
[russia] lawyers versed in the process and we were told that to take it  the regional status  , it is not necessary  it is automatically put into effect .
[us] english absorbs lots of foreign words and many foreign language speakers intersperse english words in their speech as english becomes more global in reach .
[us] there is no point in threads if they just devolve into tangents of every single event that has ever happened in world history by any country past or present in the world .
[us] in germany , if you write your professor and email , be prepared to either a. wait a few days for a response , or .
[us] the fact that postcircumcision you will never experience any complications , smegma , or actual problems with your foreskin ripping or worse at a point in your life when it would be extremely painful if why i think that they are nt considering the full pros and cons .
[russia] whenever someone not from the first world does that or someone from the first world who is black or muslim , then whatever they do personally is blamed on their entire community .
[russia] ukraine will face a lot of unrest and pain in the nearest future , but its a price for couple decades of retardation , no easy way outs
[us] will the russian downing of the malaysian air 777 and the loss of almost three hundred innocent lives make a difference in russia s war against ukraine
[russia] i have nt watched russian tv for a decade , so i ca nt really tell , but i would say that russia officially was quite reserved up until shootings at maidan and yanukovych fleeing happened .
[us] if the us and nato did nothing at russia invaded poland or other european nato member nations , that would tell every nation around the world that they can not trust guarantees of protection that the have from the us .
[us] the rns best surface combatants can really only interoperate with two french and italian vessels because they opt to buy into paams instead of aegis  there are ten such vessels in european navies alone , plus the 100 or so in the usn and miscellaneous east asian navies and australia  , for example .
[russia] if ukraine hates russia so much , i highly doubt that kremlin will think about brotherly feelings or support them economically , they screamed about  hand of moscow  for couple of months without any proof , now they might as well see it .
[us] as far as gats is concerned , i think the risk of gats or some similar fta eventually being used to tear apart social security is almost 100  .
[russia] to add to what  uadinadin said , they claim they do nt use a db of willing survey takers , but call a truly random set of phone numbers every time .
[us] such a requirement accounts for much of the administrative distance that separates europe from the united states , according to john bucher , associate director of the national toxicology program  ntp  , a multiagency toxicology and testing program housed at the national institute of environmental health sciences .
[russia] you wont get any money , your budgets will be cut and all of a sudden all of your criminal activities reach the surface .
[us] as long as people continue to support the failed us capitalist system that destroyed the american middleclass then we ll end up as destitute as they are .
[us] if i have a kid , it will be english and hungarian at home and the local language  if not english or hungarian  at school .
[us] people should read other web sites  a good place to start is httpbilaterals.org  and documents because all ftas are intentionally written so as to be almost incomprehensible to normal people , also they reference one another so , when a person says  well that wont be in xyz document  that may technically be true , its just going to be in this other  agreement  that you do nt know about , old or new .
[russia] good salary , full pansion , free transfer , free housing , need nt bother about work permit or visa because they do it all by themselves .
[us] i ve had this same conversation before on this sub and others and am almost always told i am a liar for not saying college costs 1 million dollarsyear .
[us] are you aware that the pending ttip  energy deal   httpaction.sierraclub.orgsitedocserveranalysisofeuenergyproposalttip.pdfdocid15744  could increase the cost of energy here in the us , by triggering their rising to  global levels   httpswww.indybay.orguploads201303018002013worldlngprices.jpg  , very , very rapidly .
[us] however , i wanted to also bring up the recent incident with the building which was allegedly  accidentally built without an adequate elevator  . . but googling , it appears this is a  controversy  now
[us] but like i said , i ve got a soft spot for everything dutch and it would be easier to live there once i ve got eu citizenship .
[russia] the reasons for russian invasion are only known to putin and his inner circle , i am not in it unfortunately , so i can not give you an insight what he is thinking and why does he acted the way he did .
[russia] gessen s supporting quote is clear  eberstadt is saying that deaths from external causes in russia are getting worse  in comparison to cvd mortality levels in western europe  .
[us] i missed el valle de los cados , although i did see it flying in to barajas and off in the distance going to work on cercanas every day .
[us] well i guess i could go to  raskreddit and make a post asking who likes this stupid nicku minaj song , but it would be just as much of a waste of time to ask that question in  raskreddit as it would be here .
[russia] i mostly talk about random people on internet so i ve no idea if they learned this lesson , fortunately it was already obvious for my friends .
[us] making the minimized subtext explicit , the sentence would read  the aap found that the   extremely minor   health benefits of newborn male circumcision outweigh the risks   of the surgery  not the  risk  of not performing nontherapeutic surgery as most people mistakenly assume they meant   ,   and   the benefits are not great enough to recommend universal newborn circumcision .
[russia] instead of cutting a muslim dick with a rusted sabre , our brave dudes decided to complain to authorities , and the story went public in the end .
[russia] but that wo nt do them much good in the long run , neighbours which hold grudges against each other and who can track history of those grudges  we did that to you because you did it to us earlier , which you did because we did something else even earlier and so on  to prehistorical times are just forced to continue that chain of violence in the future .
[us] ntbs  nontariff barriers  and mere regulatory heterogeneity create  trade costs  for market access , both ways , but it is exceedingly hard to assess authoritatively what the trade costs are , and what consequences they have , whether for goods or services .
[us] arguably though the merchant will increase their price to offset the fee they pay the credit card company , so it s only free money if the pointsbenefits exceed the markup .
[russia] reassessment is needed , but it is unclear whether russia would go full retard or stop halfway , a lot of unknowns still in play , so its hard to predict which path we will take .
[russia] lastly , no doubt that imf reforms are needed in ukraine , since they have nt done shit in 20 years , what i am saying is  how will the general population react to a decline in lifestyle
[us] i think that the very same day that  freedom fries  were announced , they asked people in the house cafeteria and the reaction was  that s completely ludicrous to me .
[russia] for example , some eu countries have strict laws against holocaust revisionism  and i m not talking about arguing about the event itself , but mere questioning the numbers is prohibited too  .
[russia] ...  earlier this year jewish groups were similarly outraged when a statue to a colonel in the ss alleged to have the blood of thousands of jews and russians on his hands was erected in the north of the country .
[russia] there would have been no civil war if not for russian funding , the russians did nt overthrow an elected president and establish an illegal government .
[russia] i have lived in chernivtsi for half my life , i speak fluent ukrainian , i voted for yushchenko even as i was skeptical of him but while my mother is ukrainian , my family speaks russian and we consider ourselves both .
[us] in recent years , europe has witnessed an exodus of highly qualified professionals from ireland , italy , greece , portugal , and spain  the countries hardest hit by the crisis  in search of better opportunities abroad .
[us] just look at that list and you will see no mentions of the random hostages that get paid off in africa and middle east .
[russia] maps   2301 10pm  ukrainian flag  controlled by protesters , red  protesters trying to storm    httpeizvestia.comwpcontentuploads201401kk25.jpg    2301 11pm  red  controlled by protesters , pink  protesters trying to storm    httpeizvestia.comwpcontentuploads20140126.jpg  edit 3   23.01.14 , maidan  some clarifications   httptranslate.google.rutranslateslruamptlenampjsnampprevtamphlenampieutf8ampuhttp3a2f2fzyalt.livejournal.com2f983675.html   google translate  quote   1 .
[russia] if you have a business with windows on the first floor you ll be fined by police for staying unsafe until you install bars on the windows .
[us] the authors of that article wrote  indeed , our argument complements economist barry eichengreen s conclusion in his book exorbitant privilege that the u.s. dollar will persist as the main global reserve currency due to lack of a fit alternative .
[russia] to put it simple , i  highly doubt  that your proposal of russia completely pulling out of ukraine and a paying reparations will be accepted by any party involved .
[russia] and agitator , author of a pamphlet or a writer  has the right to do it , as well as an artist has the right to paint the picture in red , entirely , and to say  that s how i see the world  , that s my artistic vision .
[us] and it s precisely what  brooks , ikenberry and wohlforth  2012    httpbelfercenter.ksg.harvard.edufilesis3703brooks20wohlforth20ikenberry.pdf  mean when they write    p. 10  the united states  globe girdling grand strategy is the devil we know , and retrenchment advocates effectively identify some of its risks and costs .
[russia] it was kind a ironic to hear about russia transferring tech  captured  in crimea  described by russian officials as junk  only to hear that later down the line , separatists are having a hard time and russia will halt the transfer of the equipment .
[russia] paleokastritsa is tremendously beautiful , it is like a jigsaw puzzle of emerald hills and azure coves , the only problem is the lack of pedestrian infrastructure there .
[russia] some comments on youtube are awesome   hello to our german brothers , who support our fight against judeomasonic nazi junta on the territory of novorossiya and malorossiya
[russia] stalin put it back right before the war only , btw , because it has been needed to encourage the majority of the people .
[us] for example , for a justification of us grand strategy and defence spending as it is today  with full explanation , see   stephen g. brooks , g. john ikenberry , and william c. wohlforth .
[russia] ukrainians commented on this that russianspeaking people on ukraine do nt say  porebrik   they say  bordyur  instead  , up to the point that some even had to google that word .
[us] downvoting wont make the problem dissapear , but whatever really , keep ignoring it and think your country is the only one who knows how to properly run the economy .
[us] we also have so many boat people from east asia that  human remains are found washed up along the northwest coast fairly routinely   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisalishseahumanfootdiscoveries   nor a significant population density problem .
[us] kind of sad that i ca nt even begin to narrow your state down due to how many politicians pulled that maneuver and refused to help their citizens by setting up markets that are run by the state and instead volunteered to have more federal government control of their state .
[russia] today defense minister tenyukh claimed that he maintains contact with all parts of the territory of the autonomous republic of crimea , that orders were given to all troops and that the situation is under control .
[russia] but katyn on a scale of events that led to ww2 , had pretty much nothing to do with it , hence i am puzzled .
[russia] people will worry about putting food on the table , gas in the heater , a flat to live in and a job to pay for it all before they will worry about politics .
[russia] 3d panorama of the memorial on savurmohyla  httpturist.dn.ua3dpanoramatoursaurmogila.html for snizhne this memorial was an important landmark , was like eiffel tower for paris , the statue of liberty for nyc , alexander column for st. petersburg .
[us] the last 2 years  has information been released and the aap took a stance that was nt advocating so much as touting the benefits outweighing the negatives .
[us] the legal process for removal required  his presence  and he fled before that could happen ... not to a safe haven in the east or crimea  where if he truly felt threatened he would have been welcome  but outside of ukrainian legal jurisdiction and into russia .
[russia] i also have some responsibilities and tend to plan ahead , meaning if i were to decide to leave russia , i would not live on streets in the next couple of months and would have enough information or funds to last at least half a year without serious cutbacks in standard of living , this requires time to accumulate funds , investigate possible destinations and other details .
[us] i feel like one of my italian colleagues who , when discussing what the us government should do to reform the health care system , said something to the effect of  i do nt see what the big deal is .
[us] i ca nt pick one so i ll show a few that i like the most    minnesota   httpimg860.imageshack.usimg8604862minnesotastatecapitol02.jpg    connecticut   httpcommons.trincoll.edupolicyvoicefiles201103cfiles25066.jpg    idaho   httpfarm5.staticflickr.com404143899586757ca0eca64fb.jpg    missouri   httptomforst.comstatecapsmissourimo11165.jpg    california   httpfarm2.staticflickr.com12545124211372a7d5a196f2b.jpg  as for my favorite building in europe it would be  this   httpi.imgur.comrbj5ysd.jpg  house in poland
[us] to add to this , two good books to read are   gulag archipeligo  aleksandr solzhenitsyn   httpwww.amazon.comthegulagarchipelagoabridgedinvestigationdp0061253804   bloodlands  europe between hitler and stalin  timothy snyder   httpwww.amazon.combloodlandseuropebetweenhitlerstalindp0465031471
[us] as it stands now nato already does operate off the horn of africa with many different countries involved to keep the area policed along with the obvious heavy us presence .
[us] it s not just the poor nonwhite areas of inner cities either , but rural areas where some of these cycles persist as well .
[russia] there are always 2 sides of the coin , you can bring poland partitioning , i can bring your opportunism during 1605 war and your sacking of moscow .
[russia] current russian economic model  sell recourses , produce nothing ourselves , import a shit ton of essentials  has reached its peakvery close to it , thus russian standard of life will no longer improve .
[us] for a referendum like this , sponsored by a government looking for an outcome of  independent ,  why would there be anything more than a simple majority
[russia] there were all those other things like a magical transformation of  non fly zone  into  lets bomb the shit out of kaddafi  , the unilateral exit in anti ballistic missile shield thing and many , many , many other wonderful things .
[us] and well , madrid , where preety much all the exgovernment  is being investigated  and last week they sent a shit ton of politicians to prison already because of a corrption case involving the 2 major parties in spain .
[russia] this was my first thought after reading the title , though it only can explain the difference between russia and other  less corrupt  exsocialist countries but not with western europe .
[russia] most people here do nt even know that donetsk and lugansk are controlled by two separate separatist groups that merely cooperate , a pretty important detail that blows the idea ofthis being a russian military op out of the water .
[russia] i do nt think you really need to have some kind of deep reasons for that , beyond the fact that it s your home and you re keeping it .
[russia] it s the desperate action of a failing government to stamp out the very kinds of protests which put them into power in the first place .
[us] disclaimer  i m not suggesting that religion should nt be criticized , because obviously there are issues , particularly with certain fringe groups , but you seem to be ignoring a lot of relatively recent history regarding religion in america .
[us] somewhere on my computers i have a pdf chart which came from a much more reliable source  and basically uses graphviz to draw this huge chart of interconnections .
[us] i just wish armenia could have better relations in the west , especially with france , germany , and the united states  who love love love armenians  , without russia abusing them in jealousy .
[us] i ca nt think of any other reason other than they would literally support genocidal murderers so long as they pitch themselves as enemies of usa .
[russia] on one hand , people look at him and think nationalists are crazy , on the other , if someone wants to support nationalists they can vote for his party , which is amusingly called liberal democratic party of russia .
[us] he some how learned the the judge planned to renege on agreement and sentence him to jail so he fled to france where he is a citizen and apparently the french wo nt extradite citizens .
[russia] they just released all 220 prisoners they captured in the ilovaisk encirclement back to kiev , as they have done with almost every prisoner .
[us] people are giving you lots of answers but realistically it probably has more to do with a relatively low poverty rate  13th , 11.1   , unemployment  5th , 4.1   and 7th in hdi  5.69  .
[russia] how is it different from us , let s say , when they killed tons of civilians dropping atomic bombs with an excuse  we wanted to preserve american lives by avoiding occupations of japan
[us] so , all i need to do is transform myself from an agnostic old white guy to a black muslim transgender who has just released a bunch of government secrets ...
[russia] i even think that countries as an institution are obsolete , but i guess the majority of the population is not ready for such a drastic change of the world order .
[us] no one made you be a part of nato , they just requested you put the same percent of your income in as everyone else .
[russia] look closer and you ll see that i apllied term  unhealthy  to a situation in which gays are untouchanble and praised above all , for , litterally , nothing but a constant bitching .
[us] chemicals  ttip eliminates the pesky precautionary principle and  imposes the concept of  innocent until proven guilty  into the area of  chemical regulation   httplibcloud.s3.amazonaws.com93c723299cielsubmissiononttipsentatefinancecommitteehearingclean.pdf  , which is in my opinion a really bad policy   httpwww.ciel.orgpublicationstoxicpartnershipmar2014.pdf   the eu s current precautionary principle , makes far more sense . . for the us to adopt the precautionary principle , and attempt to catch up with our 20 year backlog of chemicals which need to be regulated more would be much safer .
[us] also , it takes a lot of money to project your military across the globe for the scenarios you re presenting , and even more money when you do nt prepare to do so like you re implying   aka casebycase basis   .
[us] i understand what you are trying to say , but there is no absolute culture in the us , only absolute laws  the constitution  .
[us] i fear that in a few years , any argument for things like universal healthcare or free higher education will be met with a quick  well look where that got those countries  here in the us .
[russia] i do nt know if they are antisemitic and really do nt care about conspiracies , but the image itself is just screaming propaganda and pr campaignwork .
[russia] i could if the exchange rate in my bank made any sense , but the main reason is we ve been trying to convert leftover of rubles into cash .
[us] if you re meeting an american for the first time , it may not be best to unload your criticism of american foreign policy , but the same applies to meeting , say , a german for the first time .
[us] there was a study done by a german and american team looking at economic dishonesty by people raised in east and west germany that  found lower trust and honesty in personal dealings by people raised in the east   httpwww.economist.comnewsfinanceandeconomics21607830morepeopleareexposedsocialismworsetheybehavelyingcommies  .
[russia] although later down the line when i saw a bit of their  art performances  i changed my stance a little , half a year1 year would be still enough though , but no russian law exists like that i think , so we got what we got .
[us] whatever we do with our climate change issue and the responsibility that places on us to help one another ,  and not just human beings , either  will weigh heavily on our future success as part of the greater world which is the universe .
[us] we need to give them no information on sex so we can better control them using the learned fear about the topic which we instilled into them .
[russia] if you want your 75   yatsenyuk , pm of the new government , was elected with 371 votes , more than 82  of rada .
[us] i agree with the sentiment , but america has healthcare access  availability comparable too the vast majority of other firstworld countries , including most of the ones in europe .
[russia] if you re an idiot and ca nt distinguish the difference between the government and individual people then sure , hate all you like .
[us] it was ethnic cleansing by the ussr after and at the end of wwii that resulted in these people being in the baltics , it also was when over 100,000 of latvians , lithuanians , and estonians died .
[us] in any event , i like to recommend these exact articles to people , because they helped me out so much with my own confusion on the topic .
[us] who could have possibly seen it coming , it is nt like russia had nt had a recent history of biting off chunks of it s immediate neighbors  .
[us] well , i m an old feller , and pretty settled into life here for now , but it could certainly be a place to retire to , or to spend summers at .
[us] but , as i said , these huge droughts happen , even without global warming , which probably makes it worse , according to noaa .
[russia] so ukraine will need money to simply not default until 25th of may and then depending on who won , they would need even more money .
[russia] you might have your property being damaged , you might have someone from your family being killed or a friend who had such an unpleasant experience .
[russia] for such a small resistance movement involved in a struggle against such a powerful enemy as ussr , that s a shitload of poles killed  and i m not even counting jewish deaths , which numbered in tens of thousands  but vary depending on how you credit those murders with all the nazi help or cooperation the ukrainian nationalists got  upa lasted from 19431947 in more than a handful  few thousand  people .
[russia] what if georgians blew up their homes and they had nowhere to go but russia , is this considered ethnic cleansing or democratic  redeployment  of population
[us] was nt one of the issues brought up during the estates general prior to the revolution about the rights of common people to have guns
[us] you are lecturing people that were occupied on how they should run their own countries while living in the comfort of western europe where you did nt have to deal with that shit .
[russia] once you are inside it s not that difficult if you follow relatively simple rules  carry copies of papers with you and register in new place during 3 days after arrival  .
[us] for one , after neville chamberlain s  peace in our time  deal with hitler collapsed in 1939 , britain and france pledged to protect the integrity of the polish state but the promise evaporated when germany invaded on september 1 of that year .
[us] i am sorry if people are calling germans nazis , but i do nt think i have ever heard anyone refer to germany as a threat my entire life after gdr fell .
[us] fine by me , dollar , euro , british pound , swiss franc , brazilian real  i do nt care what the reserve currency is as long as it s managed by a democratic society whose people value global stability .
[us] canada  should  be able to fight it s own battles , but you guys are fucking prosperous without having to deal with the risk  everyone hates us , not you  or the expense .
[us] there are hundreds of thousands , perhaps soon millions of euros which could be extracted from each european using the modern  inelastic market  technique pioneered in the us .
[russia] second , until there are list of passengers , there is no point in saying who was killed  be it europeans , americans , malaysians , it does nt matter , this is civilians we are speaking of , there should be no distinction between them .
[us] one thing that makes amazon worth it in the us is prime  it s an annual subscription but it gives you free secondday shipping guaranteed , plus discounts some prices  and you get streaming video , etc included  .
[us] but even though i do nt think we   america   would hesitate to get involved and defend them as to not would risk our relationship  influence way to much with the other nato members in the eu .
[us] i believe that what you are talking about is the lrasm , the us navy s new anti ship missile based on the jassm air frame .
[russia] as usual a huge number of violations by kremlin s candidates is observed even before the official election day , and policeinvestorsprosecutors do nothing about it .
[us] i know that if you try to ship something like that they will hold the package at customs and most likely dispose of it .
[russia] it is people like you who bring such charged statements as  you want your country to thrive even on expense of others and i do nt because my country is one of those .
[us] in the past 15 years we ve gone from having 120k  troops  a infantry division  in europe to less than 50 thousand  mostly staff officers and aviation  .
[russia] additionally , the ukrainian government knows the importance of being as credible  source as possible actually , the ukrainian government was caught on blatant lies several times already .
[russia] what u see as a number of silly mistakes , kremlin might view   and use   as a confirmation of antirussian nature of protests and outright hostility to both russians and prorussian speaking population .
[us] you re confusing the mycaeneans  hundreds of years later , much more warlike , and related to protogreek cultures  to the minoans  that s a very common mistake  actually , the minoan  linear a  script , as far as i know , even though some of its characters may have been borrowed from for mycaenean script  linear b   and also then incorporated into greek ,  is unrelated to any other written language  and it remains undeciphered . .
[russia] never did i advocate that killing thousands of people were ok or that i supported it , the only thing that i can do is only  speculate  what were the motives and how much was driven by idealogy , desire to punishget rid of  unnecessary elements  and so on .
[us] sure , it would be nice in theory , but nobody wins against an abrams , apache , a10 or an ac 130 when it comes down to it .
[us] in other words , you think that russia  should  be treated like a  slow  child , as merkel as of late has been accused of treating russia similarly to .
[russia] i find this weird because if it s for a religions reason , then you may want to check out the religion of the demonized  first by stalin , and now by putin  ukrainian ww2era freedom fighter , which is also the religion of so many west ukrainians fighting right now for their country httpen.wikipedia.orgwikistepanbandera
[russia] i left the scene in 20  coz i married my gf and hence was obliged to earn money  and , in addition , i dislike russian scene because of carders and botnet owners .
[russia] you d rather feel safe under the thumb of nato than allow hundreds of thousands of people self determination , and you re willing to turn a blind eye to the murder of hundreds to get your way .
[russia] though nobody respect medvedev anyway , since his  presidency  he was popular target to  all kinds of mocking   httpi.imgur.come1hfs00.png  and now looks like nobody remember him .
[russia] it s shocking that the media which has lied to you on hundreds of occasions in the past 15 years to excuse wars and invasions and incarcerations and extraditions of every sort and variety now has such iron faith held in it .
[us] now i m called a chickenshit coward  downvoted to oblivion on this subreddit because i do nt want to risk a thermonuclear war by directly confronting russia in a conventional war over a nonnato  noneu country .
[russia] if your government will follow up on their promises of reforms , they will cancel their energy subsidies for population as well and price will rise again .
[russia] but you really should nt apologise for anything which is not your fault , that s destructive for you and it wo nt achieve anything anyway .
[us] if i lived 30 min north to another county , they would run a background check and do all the state requirements in days , and i would be issued a concealed carry .
[us] not only does it have to do with responsibility , it has to do with the realist position , of  never being able to be certain of the intentions of other states .
[russia] it s like they are preparing to cut off all ties with the world , north korean style  apparently it s being done to prevent treason among the bureaucrats .
[russia] journalist roman butko  claims   httpstwitter.comchristianbssstatus457961695885811713photo1  that one of the dead was pavel pavelko , 41 year old antimaidan activist from sloviansk according to his page in social networks  probably the one who was born in 1972  .
[us] strange , most of the russians i ve met have still been strongly prorussia , like putin , think russia was justified in ukraine etc.
[us] from two days ago   the other day i was talking to a senior obama administration official about the foreign leader who seems to frustrate the white house and the state department the most .
[us] the ttip may be exactly what europe needs to get back on its feet again  instead of tottering on the precipice of a third european recession , as the eu is today .
[russia] i m not sure why you d use such a harsh word , even if his language was nt polite , because he is nt exactly wrong .
[russia] he is not a member of that group and states so openly , and continues on to say that he  thinks  they sent it back  to luhansk , the only party mentioned , not russia as you are more than proud of putting in his mouth  .
[us] have to fill out an application , wait over a year to meet with a lieutenant in the county police , then wait to meet with a judge months later .
[russia] post communist yugoslavia sure did turn into a capitalist paradise , thanks to our benevolent buddies at nato and the ever present push of capitalist economic hegemony .
[russia] i would rather not believe all the scaremongering here , putin has allowed relative  for russia  autonomy to tatar republics here , i am rather tired of seeing him likened to the next hitler ready to genocide the   jews   tatars .
[russia] it s ridiculous how many leaders tolerated him , gave him a handshake and hugged him , how many european banks were happy with his money .
[russia] it does nt matter by whom what station is funded  watching both russian and nonrussian news , i d say that have nt seen nonbiased  onesided view for a long time  , there is no problem to reach the same variety of media here .
[us] there were horrible deportations of hundreds of thousands of eastern europeans to siberia , almost all of whom died , in the era between russia s annexation of the baltics and hitler , and then , of course , hitler killed millions of eastern europeans and then , after he was defeated , and after the war the slaughter resumed .
[russia] after that point the ussr government realized that without western allies they re on their own and started delaying the war , they signed  molotovribbentrop pact   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikimolotove28093ribbentroppact  which added some buffer states between ussr and germany and they obviously thought that it ll help with delaying the war .
[russia] probable social network profile of the captured guy was found  under pseudonym  , he shared some right sector videos and was subscribed to rs group  well , like 400000  more persons  , and his brother is a known activist from unso .
[russia] httpswww.youtube.comwatchvt2p1lvtts8 host  we just saw the final of eurovision , we cheered for our girls , for sisters tolmachev , and they performed very well , they are in top 10 , but the result is predictable .
[russia] in the last one hundred years china and russia , combined , have fought in fewer wars than just  one  nato member , the us .
[us] these are mostly my personal opinions , but when it comes to noninterventionism you re not talking about  noninterventionism  , your position is more likened to  neoisolationism .
[us] but somehow , israel started the war because it did nt want to allow its civilians to be murdered en masse  before  the tunnels that would ve allowed that to happen
[us] edit  we also considered  this advice   httpbooks.google.combooksidzsoxsy11escamppgpa254amplpgpa254ampdqharvardmedicalschoolcircumcisionampsourceblampotstdhewrtilyampsigsslyt9qmo04ku5qnrpksgbbhwuamphlenampsaxampeiuorkvpqymiviggty6ylacaampved0cccq6aewaqvonepageampqharvard20medical20school20circumcisionampffalse  from probably one of the best medical schools in the world and  this qa with a very highly regarded pediatrician   httpwww.childrenshospital.orghealthtopicsthriving2014april201404162014shoudihavemybabycircumcised  .
[us] i mean , obviously jamaica has a lot more in common with , say , the dominican republic than it does with the us , but as long as we re correcting people ...
[us] basque is an isolate , not shown to be related to any other languages , and georgian is in the kartvelian language family , along with svan , laz , and mingrelian .
[russia] first off ,  stockpile of nuclear weapons  was just a pile of warready nuclear  materials  which have nt actual military use due to absence of launch and detonation codes .
[russia] the ussr may have had many problems , but it represented the heyday of russia in just about every possible category , whether it is the quality of life , economic power , political power , etc.
[russia] as a side note , i find your spelling of  apologise  with a  z  at least a little suspicious considering you are using the ireland flair .
[us] here in the us health insurance and drug costs , huge out of pocket and out of network , and drug copay costs are crowding out a lot of other spending .
[russia] crimea has ports , tourism , fisheries , more land , etc  and most importantly , looks like putin is hellbent on joining it to russia .
[russia] in reality , multiple pieces video evidence shows that the ukrainian troops opened fire on a crowd of unarmed protesters who were gathered at the base s gate .
[russia] eu media and the u.s. state department so strongly want to condemn russia for intentionally shooting down the airliner that they d go as far as blaming the factory workers that built the buk in the 80 s at this point .
[us] i think eu investment in less well off areas are the way to fix all of eu , but that is nt how eu is designed .
[us] it s amazing that europe has been able to set aggressive solar targets while not have nt nearly as much sunlight to work with .
[russia] and there wo nt be too much wars because existing governmental structures in different regions of rufed already act like semiindependent states  thus the need for internal passports , visas , seemingly excessive amount of bureaucracy .
[us] it probably is   httpwww.washingtonpost.comblogsworldviewswp20130516arevealingmapoftheworldsmostandleastethnicallydiversecountries  granted , i m surprised by how low the u.s. is on that map , and if i gave a shit i would look more into their methodology .
[us] the problem is that even with all of these , there are still hurdles like bigotry , cultural inertia and lack of social capital , lack of employment , perception of no opportunity , early life developmental problems , vicious cycles of broken families or substance abuse or violence , etc.
[us] consider the  health care situation in the us   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  , how much money is lost to each of us in america , due to our country being hijacked into the most expensive possible health care imaginable .
[us] scandinavian values , including political liberalism and a culture that encourages long life expectancy think more like  good health care system , high educational standards , high employment , low poverty , maybe a lack of alcoholism , possibly minneapolisst paul fitness culture .
[russia] you guys are hypocrites and the fact that turkish protest movement has no media coverage , no u.s senator or ambassador , no eu official visiting there and expressing their support in a fight against  bad , corrupt regime  speaks for itself .
[russia] crimean annexation and follow up campaign was his desperate and successful attempt to prove his  worthiness  to his own entourage  which is surely ready to share billions of  not his  money any moment  there was   70b us treasuries sale in febmarch by an unknown seller at the same time as rufed sold part of its us treasuries  20b euros cash stash was found in russian airport few months ago  .
[us] in 1998 , the science and environmental health network convened an international gathering of scientists , philosophers , lawyers , and environmental activists at the johnson foundation wingspread conference center in wisconsin , yielding this succinct definition of the principle   when an activity raises threats of harm to the environment or human health , precautionary measures should be taken even if some causeandeffect relationships are not fully established scientifically .  members of the european union took note , and within two years had adopted a similar statement as the foundation for eu environmental regulation .
[us] poland choosing to pad the coffers of american corporations over european ones does nt change the fact that out of the 28 states in the eu , only about 4 have even mildly noteworthy defense capabilities .
[us] russia goes from world power to claiming dives because it is the biggest country in the world and manages to have a better economy than a couple non integrated eastern european countries that russia actively interferes in .
[us] 4  although isds became a regular feature of investment treaties in the 1960s , claims have ballooned over the past decade  57 known new cases were launched in 2013 alone .
[russia] having lived my whole life in russia and russian information field , i saw over and over again how we were tricked , lied to , condemned , ignored or spat on .
[russia] of course , it s easier to make a nation of people buy into propaganda when you provide them with an exterior other to focus their judgements on .
[russia] maybe debatable , but russia still has nt done shit in south osetia and abkhazia besides giving out money to local elites , i do nt think people there live any better than they were , although i might be wrong in that regard , but its usual corruption  corruption  kickbacks ordeal .
[us] the second a nato country is invaded and confirmed the us and every nato nation goes to defcon 1 and war has broken out .
[us] and for me we had moved past  ok  my  perceived  insult of you towards me  i ve lived in europe for the last five years and have a masters degree in european studies from two european universities , currently a phd student in europe  . . and then i wake up today and someone else jumped in with his 2 cents without adding anything of substance .
[us] i m a complete mutt , i know a decent bit about my background , but i care about the future , not the past .
[us] the us navy is hanging onto the growler even after the f35 acquisition because the growler has a wider range of electronic jamming options , something that would be good to have around in the defense of finland .
[russia] i also wonder if ukrainian aviation service has granted a permission to pass over , knowing that rebels have operational advanced aa systems , although i doubt that militaryintelligence would inform them if that were to be the case  ukraine , being the clusterfuck it currently is  .
[russia] they already did it   the interest rate on the deposit facility will be decreased by 10 basis points to 0.20  , with effect from 10 september 2014 .
[russia] at the time i was told that a buk from luhansk was coming under the flag of the lnr ,  he said , referring to the luhansk people s republic , the main rebel group operating in luhansk , one of two rebel provinces along with donetsk , the province where the crash took place .
[us] not just foreign he does it to russians too , unless you re putin s friend he ll find ways to steal your money and assets too .
[russia] you make a very good news coverage , and you see what a terrible things are going on in russia , you do nt really need to exaggerate the neutral ones .
[russia] st. patrick day  flashmob in siberia was beaten for gayness   httpwww.thejournal.ierussiastpatricksflashmob1378542mar2014    1   httpwww.nr2.ruincidents490474.html    some of participants thought it will be cool to wear scottish kilts .
[russia] and while she is a pretty shady person , she did nt start that shit  the shit started when russian military occupied the town .
[russia] there is a significant difference in semantics what exactly russians might support  and i would argue the 80  number is bullshit in itself due to variety of reasons  , but even if i were to take your statement at face , russians might support putin as a sole political figure on our whole political field worth listening to or supporting ,  everyone else is not trustworthy at all  .
[us] plus , if you really are sick of americans , i m sure there are other sites that do nt have a huge american userbase .
[russia] so far russian  send in the tanks   which i by the way do nt understand and my feelings toward the fact fluctuate from neutral , to slightly negative  resulted in 1 dead guy with suspicious circumstances around it .
[us] i just think it is a crock of shit for israel to act like they are victims when you look at the deaths between both parties , the overwhelming force disparity , and the fact that israel treats palestinians as captive subhumans .
[russia] in the time before bailouts and before the use of monetary policy  think qe  or manipulating interest rates , we tended to have depressions every ten years .
[us] but article v has never been tested and no one knows if americans or french people would be willing to die for estonia or poland in a war with a nuclear power .
[russia] though they did nt go far and their story can be true  during escape one of them hooked to the car and it dragged him for  300m .
[us] italians today are nt really close to the romans of old and neither are the greeks , does nt stop them from milking that cow .
[us] beijing is playing the game of following the basic law because the initial promise was for democracy but no set date on exact implementation .
[russia] what if war started in 1939 then , when soviets did not had those t34s and production base being built everywhere in  extreme rush  .
[us] unlike americans and west europeans who take their freedoms for granted ... useless anecdote , but in the south we are all quite thankful for our freedoms at large and thank those responsible for defending it often .
[russia] finishing my stuff in next two weeks and getting out of the country  probably through kazakhstan since belorussia is too close to conflict zone and there are elevated security measures .
[russia] the matter is quite simple , sanctions are bad for economy , otherwise they would not existed in the first place  being an ineffectiveuseless tool  .
[us] being employed as a waiter is nt a human right , and if you are nt doing your job well i should nt have to reward shitty performance , especially since your entire job is making sure that the customer is happy .
[russia] russian media report  crimean selfdefense forces repelled attempt of 40 thugs disguised as ukrainian border guards to damage gas station   httpria.ruworld20140315999650509.html  on ukrainian territory .
[russia] to answer the question whether it was a viable option to  submit to putin  would be  no  , media is controlled by oligarchs or people like them and in ukrainian politicalinformational field european orientation was an obvious choice .
[us] it s the affording it  going into debt part we have to work on ... but they ca nt deny you access nor are you restricted access nor is that healthcare in itself subpar ... .
[russia] httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiselfdeterminationselfdeterminationversusterritorialintegrity  according to the helsinki final act of 1975 , the un , icj and international law experts , there is no contradiction between the principles of selfdetermination and territorial integrity , with the latter taking precedence .
[us] to say that a t90 is on par with any of the modern western mbts is plain ridiculous and i wanted to see if you can back such an extraordinary claim with extraordinary evidence .
[russia] well , i hate to bring bad news but being a resident of russian federation i can tell you from experience  public opinion can be easily manipulated , up to the point there people are agree to go and die for a set of fairy tales about  maidanoid jew nazis  .
[russia] girls is citizen of rufed , truck driver is from armenia and armenian state actively participated in the process while there is no state which could defend russians against rufed .
[us] usa also did nt commit genocide against ukraine and did nt invade ukraine and force it to be a part of russia against their will .
[russia] russia lost ukraine first when people started to die from firearms  there is no international led investigation in that matter and if someone would kill 100 people , i would like to know who did it , how he did it and why  .
[us] i could easily say  here comes another dipshit european incapable of understanding anything outside his own eurocentric bubble  , but that would make me come across as a giant douche bag .
[us] i do nt know why it s bad but i ve been told my whole life by people with an invested interest in the perpetuation of the capitalist system that it s bad so it must be .
[us] 2 days ago reddit would nt let to post similar , and i have nt seen much stories about nato military movements    the leaks  to locals are ridiculous or pay per view only .
[russia] now , for the moment , they support government , but if there is any chance of people dying , they take to the streets .
[russia] ukraine blame russian government for shooting these 2 jets  they says it s impossible to do without radar system support   us report 15000 russian troops near ukrainian borders  published  satellite photos of russian artillery and  grad  division shelling ukrainian military   httptop.rbc.rupolitics27072014939201.shtml    despite pentagon reports  we did not amass 15000 troops near ukrainian border   httptop.rbc.rupolitics27072014939187.shtml  which is partially  controlled by rebels   httptop.rbc.ruincidents26072014939134.shtml  so these troops actually could go into ukrainian territory any time unnoticed  till certain moment  if they wanted to ...   military jet has crashed   httptop.rbc.ruincidents27072014939162.shtml   mig29  in astrakhan  it s not not far from ukrainian border  , pilot died , july was really bad months for flying    2 opposition activists convicted for 4.5 year jail terms   httptop.rbc.ruincidents24072014938777.shtmlhttptop.rbc.ruincidents24072014938777.shtml   for being opposition activists .
[us] one team is in the airport and ca nt get out , while the other team is at the gate and ca nt get in .
[russia] either rufed will remove putin and its government from control  and army from ukraine , moldova , georgia  or there is serious possibility for the  empire  to go belly up in couple years .
[us] the western world will come to regret this when it means there s a snowball s chance in hell of ever peacefully encouraging nuclear nonproliferation .
[russia] for me it s clear that the point of this video is not  no to war  but  usa is enemy  ,  putin do nt want war  ,  war is necessary  ,  russia is not currently involved in lugansk and donetsk actions  ,  crimea actions are ok to the point of not being worth mentioning  ,  simple people have a say in russia s foreign policy  ,  all of patriots want putin to go war on ukraine  , none of which are true .
[russia] apparently it s done to give them more in the nearest future and rufed citizens will pay  higher taxes   httptop.rbc.rueconomics11072014935991.shtml  to make that possible .
[us] do not enter these cities in the summer , just do nt do it ... events  on new years go to new york city .
[us] they still think they are a super power and we do nt want any of them to get tears in their vodka if reality hit them .
[russia] kasparov and some other extremely marginal russian political figures have been in the business of skullfucking godwin in their campaign against their own country for more than a decade now .
[russia] also i m leaving the country in couple weeks while the border is still open  government is closing it  for cash money at the moment  .
[russia] some additional lines could include   vilnius  minsk  kiev  odessachisinau  constanta  warsaw  minsk  smolensk  moscow  krakow  lviv  kiev  dnepropetrovsk  donetsk  rnd  krasnodar  there s a highish speed railway helsinki  st. pete  moscow  nizhny novgorod already .
[russia] it is hard to explain what was going on during 90s , something like wild wild west with a general desire to screw your neighbor , steal the money ,  everything for myself and fuck the other guy  .
[russia] siberia is an integral part of russia , and most russians , including me , will lay down our lives if the world needs to be reminded of the fact
[russia] there s also pretty strong evidence  the sbu wiretaps , and a reuters interview with a donetsk warlord  3  also photographs  of the same buk   httpswww.bellingcat.comnewsukandeurope20140924videocomparisonconfirmsthebuklinkedtothedowningofmh17camefromrussia  on russian territory on june 24 and in donetsk on july 17 .
[us] i know there has been plenty of history in the region and it is wrong to vilify serbians and act like everyone in the region are good guys except for the evil serbs of europe .
[russia] netherlands too , one of russia s 3 largest mobile providers is officially a dutch company , as is the largest supermarket chain and numerous other enterprises .
[russia] but most of this stuff is bitterness and if i would take a guess , closest thing would be british empire loosing its empire status something like this  httpcountryballs.netnewsnobodycanstopthegreatbritishempire20140311233 however , it does not change the fact that due to russia constantly feel being threatened or treated unjustly  lies about no fly zones , nato creeping toward eastern borders , missile defend shields , whole ordeal with ukraine , colorful revolutions and others  and a serious lack of desire to improve things domestically  think soviet union minus social aspect of it due to corruption , oligarchs , poor management  the possibility of other  incidents  is there .
[russia] holodomor killed people of different ethnicities , and it was not  systematic destruction  , you do nt send hundreds of thousands tons of food to people you want to starve to death .
[us] and people would rather focus more on not letting  the other guy  win than sit down and examine what the actually issues are right now , such as civil liberties and healthcare .
[russia] i do nt think there is any excuse for stalin , he was an evil man and he exemplified a major flaw in the soviet structure that proved that the soviet system does not work  sure , the rest of the leaders after him were ok , but the fact he was allowed to exist means that it could happen again .
[russia] not that i m supporting it , i hope it s obvious  about the language  the majority in some regions simply do nt know the proper ukrainian    sure  , because you know what  they re not really ukrainians
[us] the gats covers hundreds of types of water services  sewer services , freshwater services , treatment of waste water , nature and landscape protection , construction of water pipes , waterways , tankers , groundwater assessment , irrigation , dams , bottled water , and water transport services , just to name a few .
[us] i like that age range because unlike the raw job numbers  uekferti84x posted , it s not influenced by retiring baby boomers or larger numbers of young people going to college .
[russia] its a shame that russia went the path it went and countries , politicians , leaders and institutions never seemed to care in 90s , neither in early 2000s when russian interestspositions were repeatedly violateddisregarded .
[russia] i look at western actions and see a continuation of cold war era policies , with an end goal to put a gun next to russia s head  maybe there is more , i do nt know  .
[us] let s not forget that the us government is  or supposed to be anyway ...   of the people , for the people , and by the people  .
[us] the russians can make direct calls for national defense and the defense of russians , and the americans can make direct references to protecting ukranian freedom , but as long as the area occupied by russia is primarily populated by russians , the effect is the current standstill , where the russians are unable to justify further incursions to their own people , and the americans are unable to justify liberation .
[us] if you have self control and not buy things that you do nt need , you can gain a lot of purchasing power via credit cards .
[us] many europeans here on  reurope say things like  the us should go home  , and  the us should take all of its troops out of germany  .
[us] it s fine to be concerned  maybe you do nt like american foreign policy , or capitalism in general  , but framing it as an  assault on democracy  is pretty dumb .
[russia] if so i imagine those are built on a factory with 10 times higher wages than on russian factories , and people who pay for tickets have higher wages respectively .
[us] both from relatively poor parts of the country , playing at south carolina s stadium  httpswww.youtube.comwatchvqud0obba2wampindex4amplistpln3nhxu50t5yr099dz4o4i5je9vrjft8m here s michigan vs notre dame , both pretty good schools .
[russia] abortion rights came to the eastern bloc in the 1950s , before the pill , whereas for western europe and the us the pill  1960s  came before widespread abortion rights  1970s80s  .
[us] which reminds me , i m asking you again , would you be able to give me some examples of arguments for neoliberalism that you respect
[russia] this is such a complicated historical topic and so many little things and decisions led to ww2 , but the  dumbed down redditors version of events  is annoying as hell .
[us] but there most definitely  are  catholics who hate  and i do nt mean disapprove , i mean hate  people who are different , and in my point of view that s wrong .
[russia] no , i do nt know why teenagers murder other people , drunk or sober , with a knife and an ax or with a gun and a rifle , in russia or in the us or else ...
[russia] still , you have to admit russia is far , far , far closer to a petrostate than it should be , considering the rather high level of education the ussr did indeed manage to bestow on the population yeah , that s right .
[us] as you say , most people are nt criminals , and generally they do nt commit crimes because they do nt have criminal urges .
[russia] edit  i show myself out ... reddit may be not the best place to talk about stuff like that ,  most people just want to see china and russia burn  , go back to quora .
[russia] it s often called the cultural capital of russia , it is the birthplace of the revolution , the survivor of the leningrad blockade and the city where mr. putin and many of his friends come from .
[russia] 160    the majority of experts , monitors and ambassadors agreed that the war was started by georgia shelling tskhinvali , but that russia responded with disproportionate measures .
[us] also , there are holiday celebrations , sometimes local or regional things in the us , where everyone goes around saying  kiss me , i m irish  or st. patrick say .
[us] i guess , what i mean , is that i would like to see more european politicians , having honest conversations with their constituents about the issue .
[us] hell , there are people here in  reurope who like to talk about how things have happened in the past  ten years  that justify the referendum .
[russia] regarding conditions of the loan , google gives this httpwww.bloomberg.comnews20131031ukrainevowstocurbreservesplungeasimfrepeatsloandemands.html or  even better  this httpin.reuters.comarticle20131031ukraineimfidinl5n0il1ti20131031 sounds more like  citizen , pay up  , rather than  comprehensive economical reforms to boost investment and whatnot  .
[us] this makes you fucking evil to me , as someone with an allergy to the  blissful ignorance  required to rationalize death as being better .
[russia] as for the russian government , i can only say that the government can not exist without the country and the country can not exist without the government .
[us] an hell , a good number of canadians i ve met , like you , have been assholes with a inferiority complex , as if they got something to prove .
[us] there is nt an  underlying scandinavian culture  anymore than a funny accent and calling a casserole a  hot dish  , except maybe in the boonies .
[us] but even then , the time period to deescalate or stop full strategic nuclear warfare is still better than if you launched a icbm right off the bat .
[us] it s not unfair nor unequal if the whole point of the upper house is for every state to be afforded exactly 2 senators , no matter their population .
[us] europe is the only region in the world that could become a superpower overnight , but it continues to delude itself into thinking it is nt possible .
[us] it has to do with clarifying the entire situation for the people living in that country , so that they may better support those policies worth supporting and vice versa .
[russia] if you ll be asked to apologize for russians inventing cancer , bombing hiroshima and killing kennedy  do nt hesitate , apologize straight away , do nt start questioning anything , fuck it , they must be right , do nt forget that we re all totally brainwashed so we ca nt distinguish black from white .
[us] i do nt understand how you can stereotype a nation as being clueless about outside world and also obsessed with conflicts they are nt involved in .
[us] people who look at what could be covered should take care to use the most extreme us interpretation  in the understanding on commitments in financial service  which is i understand the one being pushed .
[us] it s not like you re trying to soften relations ... that s not a  russia  thing , that a  anyone who attacks us  thing .
[us] business  hahahahahahahahaha  bust seriously  several of hollande s attempted policies did nt even attempt to make an actual difference  like the 75  tax  ... they were attempts to send a message to the wealthy and business community .
[russia] .  board of directors consists mostly of economists , managers , engineers and such , i failed to find  one   exmilitary or security without relevant expertise  there .
[russia] its just to be expected in a somewhat divided country , you oust  their  elected candidate and declare him illegitimate and that you will not follow orders from kiev in western ukraine , they will declare  new power  illegitimate  at least until new elections  and will not follow orders as well .
[russia] i spent my early life in ukraine , i have traces of it too , even though i did not learn ukrainian as my primary language .
[russia] i like the eu , i wish there was a day when russia liberalised enough to join it  not likely however , the eu wants russia weak first and foremost , only then can there be any real reconciliation , which i suppose is understandable  .
[russia] those are just minor episodes compared to real clashes happened during forming of other countries  ussr , us , france , modern germany , exyugoslavia  .
[russia] first i have to move to a country which wo nt become wwiii primary battlefield and does nt have bloody revolution  civil war as possible variants of development .
[us] rintactivistswiki  explanation of differences between foreskin destruction surgeries    rintactivistswiki  index wiki  categorizingvariationsofforeskindestruction   the recent claim that normaltight cuts can be considered botched is just the prosurgeryantiforeskin movement s attempt at damage control .
[us] getting those countries in the union would give russia the buffers they desire and guard those countries from leaving to chinese or eu influence .
[us] i think a comparison to some us states is fair  texas , california , vermont , and hawaii were all independent countries before joining the us , and that s not even mentioning the 13 colonies from 1776  several of the european nations i listed are older than that  .
[russia] time will tell , as they say , so far winter is coming , whole picture should be more clear by the february or so , both in terms of which path russia will choose and what ukrainians are going to do domestically  apart from militarizing like crazy and accumulating a shit ton of tech near donetsklugansk which is a given  .
[us] the supposedly low cost health care in the so called  affordable care act  has huge hidden costs  so fewer and fewer americans all the time can afford to go to the doctor   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014october09charlotteobserverhiddencostsforfullyinsuredpatients.aspx
[russia] again , demand for steel and chemicals is not that high in europe and whats more important that you need  energy  to produce both steel and chemicals .
[russia] in any case , using homophilia as a proxy for europeaness is quite absurd considering that by that standard no country at all could have qualified as being  european  before the 1970s or so .
[russia] it look like the state is preparing for a war while corruption is its corner stone and it s rightfully afraid bureaucrats will be bought by foreign intelligence if they leave the country for a day .
[us] second , we have already  seen  twice  first , in how the us did not let its economy collapse in 2008 , but handled it .
[russia] one of the separatists leaders  hodokovsky  told that he s prounited ukraine  which caused negative to his address  , but he added that he is fighting for united ukraine to be prorussian .
[russia] it s true that these facts are pretty old   10 years  , and it s unknown if he still keep connection with people from rnu , barkashov , etc.
[russia] indian summer  women s summer ,   milky way  milky way ,    nb we use the church slavonic word for milk here  sunshower  mushroom rain ,    warm and wet , good for mushrooms  heavy rain  it s pouring as if from a bucket ,  ,    i do nt think we have anything special for other phenomena and we use roman months names .
[us] i would say that  at least  a third of american adults were at least as against the iraq war as most of germany was .
[us] to add to your reference of realistic genital surgeries , there are a few videos of surgeries in   rintactivistswiki    rintactivistswiki  index wiki  circumcisionvideos  that do represent typical surgeries .
[us] russia should be included , as it is de facto a resource extraction colony of germany s , despite the local strongman s assertions of supposed sovereignty .
[us] to be fair , with his use of state propaganda and warmongering for the purpose of mobilizing the population , he s evolved into something resembling a 20th century fascist .
[us] it s a bit unpopular to say so since he was a wartime president during a  good  war , but he was pretty bad .
[russia] reports of him finding treasure while scuba diving or catching a 20kg fish when in the video its definitely less , and other cases of macho bullshit are always a topic for sarcastic remarks .
[russia] most  opposing  tv and radio shows use  good  bad  tactic  they curse and praise authorities at the same time  example  echo of moscow radio station and its owner venediktov  and as a result population think opposition consists of idiots only and authorities are nt that bad .
[us] no one in ireland can get gay married but in the us over 60  of the population can in their home state , or they can go next door and get married and the federal government will recognize it .
[russia] a lot of what you described has to do with domestic policies and their support by population   how dare those fuckers do anything to us glorious russians
[us] httpdata.worldbank.orgindicatorny.gdp.mktp.kd.zgcountriesgbxcdisplaygraph remember that despite the eurozone s problems with greece , ireland , portugal , spain , and italy , the uk does as poorly until the past year or so .
[russia] it was the first time in many years that america practiced widespread disregard for the un and invaded a country i m sorry , but u wat m8
[russia] not that i am engaged in whataboutism , but i do wonder why is that european officials has repeatedly traveled to maidan to participate in protests against  elected democratically government  and did  nothing  for turkish protests
[us] if you pay it off automatically , you literally never give an extra dime to the credit card company , but they give you free stuff in return .
[us] the 1848 revolutions were responses to the french revolution , or more importantly it s death and the restoration of the old system in 1815  again , 30 years after was a  direct response  to it
[russia] even if we were to adopt a  crazy  idea that like half of  separatists  in southeast are russian troops , the overall number with all the rotation every other month or so would be around 30k .
[russia] wars with the ottoman empire  granted , by that point we were doing most of the invading , though only because ottomans were nt powerful enough to invade us anymore as in the past
[russia] targeted influence would be way more effective and beneficial ,  at least it might have created a force opposing euromaidan or something  u.s does what it does because its immensely rich and powerful with control of worlds reserve currency , too much depends on them and their market , for others to try to fuck with them in any serious way .
[us] hindsight might have had nato or the eu push for a stronger security agreement before they gave up the big stick  their biggest bargaining chip  so to speak .
[us] the army core of engineers gave our country s infrastructure a d . one of the main issues is that our federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993 and is currently a flat rate of 18 cents a gallon   5 cents a liter  .
[us] so israel should ve waited until hamas finished their tunnels into israeli civilian population centers so that some selfrighteous foreigners could think that it was finally  okay  to destroy the tunnels
[russia] so if anything happens , that they wo nt like  like say devaluing of the currency   profits become lower because russia import goods each year of  300 billion dollars   balance sheet looks worse   terms for credit change  , you ca nt move as freely as u would like .
[russia] ok , ok , i got it  you really desperately want to express your dissatisfaction with russia s foreign policy , mentality and everything for that matter  chauvinistic , imperialistic , racist , etc  .
[us] after draining the eurozone and consolidating as much of it s capital as feasibly possible in germany , the next logical step would be to take advantage of that by opening the absolutely huge resource markets of russia ,  ala  nordstream , even if it goes against the interests  security situation of their fellow eastern european eu memberstates .
[us] i do nt know about you but in my state they ve been closing public schools for years and the state has nt been giving the ones left the money they re supposed to .
[russia] also idk the statistics but i only see religious people among women over 60 , others may identify themselves with christianity but typically do nt visit church , do nt know rituals and if you ask them if they pray many would laugh and say no .
[russia] when us navy missile cruiser can mistake an a300 for an f14 , the mistaking of a b777 for an an26 by insurgents really seems quite minor .
[russia] it makes sense but i m guessing you re aware of the fact that main regime lovers  that 86 fucking percents  live in regions .
[us] here s how they sold obamacare , with promises it would lead to single payer   reid says obamacare just a step toward eventual singlepayer system  las vegas sun news   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  .
[russia] i remember there was a story when one asylum seeker from russia was nt granted a residence and committed suicide in detention centre in netherlands .
[us] modern nations work by investing money into regions via debt , then making that money back via the growth that results from the investment .
[us] in order so that people like you could assert that they were harmless , they make statements which are intentionally ambiguous  but then their ambiguities have been interpreted in the ways least favorable to the public interest and most favorable to corporations , and as such are attempts to defraud society of its right to self governance .
[us] i tell him that it s easy for him to say that as an american , and if he was polish or estonian , he would not think the same way .
[russia] it look like usa are going to boost nato substantially , help ukraine to rebuild army  isolate  and therefore destroy  russia s state financial and petrochemical companies .
[us] isds is not bound to legal precedent , ignoring the abc of international law and introducing further uncertainty  the lack of case law in isds has led to inconsistent arbitral decisions with different legal interpretations of identical or similar treaty provisions , further increasing uncertainty and fear referred to in point 1 .
[russia] do you really think that a political force that consists of a tuvan mod , a mansi mayor of moscow , and a former tatar moi is going to be embracing the rise of russian nationalism
[us] i have started , actually  i became interested in dutch in the first place because a good friend of mine speaks it , and i was introduced to it through him .
[russia] on a larger scale , muslims in the balkans are a shard of the old ottoman empire , imagine living with a legacy left from your former enslavers and oppressors sidetoside for centuries .
[russia] for the semicolonial countries , an eu accession is therefore a step towards colonization  it limits their national independence and subordinates them increasingly more and direct under the imperialist monopolies .
[russia] this is not mythical terroristsvials of anthrax in un by mr.powell , this is serious global security risk and no interested  party  would want to deal with ukrainian made nukeschemsbio weapons on the loose .
[russia] hell of a  great future  , your ancestors participated in great buildings of the century , enjoyed relatively high standard of living , had employment and social benefits , their grandsons are gastarbaitars .
[russia] for people of that time  empires were a real fucking deal , india was a british colony , a shit ton of worker rights or social institutions did not exist , womens could not vote and many , many other stuff .
[russia] i kind a understand it with russiphication attempts ,  overstaying our welcome after ww2  and other things , i do wonder though why eastern europe has universally engaged in shitthrowing festival toward russia right after soviet union dissolved and continue to do so , to this day .
[us] texas , new mexico , arizona , and florida especially were created by the spanish , and there s a buttload of france still up in vermont s business ... ... and i think it s very easy to make the argument that the eu  does  , in fact , have very open borders that lead to exchanging population and sharing language , and that federalizing further will make the melting pot larger .
[us] i ve not once met anyone who was ever affected by their parents  decision to circumcise them , and it s obvious most of these commenters are uncircumcised europeans who only care because they think circumcised penises look weird .
[us] so . . you can bet that the minute they have the opporunity they will be pushing to leverage even a small jump in the cost of energy into permission to tear down those buildings .
[us] the hypocrisy is that you claim to be a socialist , the typical definition of which includes increasing equality through transferring money from the rich to the poor .
[russia] i have no idea whee you are from , but never in my life have i seen a flat where people willingly threw shitty toilet paper into a rubbish bin .
[us] when i m invited to a new friend s place , i generally write down the time it took to get there from my place as well as the specific timeofday , and i use that as a future reference until i have it pretty much memorized .
[russia] from manipulating ukraine to abandoning it , it s easy to see just how much the eu is a thrall to nothing less than the great god of profit .
[russia] the purpose of the european union is to defend and expand the power of the  in the global context relatively weak  imperialist states of europe against the united states , japan , as well as against china and russia .
[russia] ukraine has everything to gain by claiming they ve destroyed russians in ukraine , russia has nothing to gain by sending them there in such small numbers so openly .
[russia] and it seems government has gave up an idea to occupy eastern ukraine , effectively turning annexed crimea into useless piece of land without access to mainland russia  so ukrainian government may dictate price of water , electricity , food   russian bureaucrat has declared  conflict in ukraine will be stopped in few weeks   httprussian.rt.comarticle39492  .
[us] especially ttip and the ultrasecret tisa , a very few , a bit more , know about tpp  in fact , very few americans even know the slightest bit about neoliberalism .
[russia] by russian law maximum prison sentence for their  offense  was 7 years  media loved the story and everyone screamed how they would be locked up for life  , they got the minimum  2  followed by a parole .
[us] europe s regulatory barriers to innovation and linguistic fragmentation are deterrents , as is the rise of populist parties , which are sometimes xenophobic , across the continent .
[us] just fyi , in the us waiters make a base salary of around 2.50 , but then almost all waiters pool tips so if someone does nt make the federal minimum wage   8  they get paid additional money to ensure that they meet that threshold .
[us] people have to stay in school and get a phd or at least an ms  in fields like engineering  this is nt new , its been like that for a long time .
[us] i guess i just need to change my flair and post pictures of british or canadian soldiers marching in paris and then it would be funny
[russia] even his choise not to participate in any debates is more of a way of saying  i do nt need your votes , that s not how i m going to win these elections  .
[russia] because historically russia and the soviet union had  and still have  this really nasty habit of settling ethnic russians in places to erode the culture of the nations they ve conquered or occupied .
[us] they have to a great extent , joined together to not discuss the ftas any more than to pretend that they dont know the core issues at stake .
[russia] one would think that if things were great , there would be no need for such things , but i m no estonian or polish and overall they are definitely doing better than others  or at least they look like they do  .
[us] yes they ca nt spend tens of billions in 24 hour periods to slow down ruble crashes and pretend their economy is doing well .
[russia] on the subject of canada , it has not had to deal with invasions by the us , proxy wars waged by the u.s. , propaganda wars waged by the u.s. , economic warfare from the u.s. , et cetera ad infinitum for the past 100 years .
[us] i m already willing to lose my hair  piss blood for the baltics , but let s not keep moving the goal posts , especially when  russia considers limited nuclear strikes to be   deescalation     httpthebulletin.orgwhyrussiacallslimitednuclearstrikedeescalation  .
[us] yes , it takes balls going against the usa s opinion and pressure which these countries didnt have to go through , but still .
[us] complication  the article you linked is from 2006 ... a clear 6 years before the dataset that was cited by harvard medical school , aap and others as pointing to medical benefits as linked in the npr article that i posted .
[us] out of 56 presidential elections , only 4 won the electoral college but lost the popular vote , amounting to 1 out of 14 .
[us] and did nt their defense minister just laugh off the suggestion that germany should fund it s military more by saying they are spending more than enough already and it s military is powerful enough
[us] sorry , are you blaming usa for giving them freedom or allowing puerto ricans to join usa whenever they want and in the meantime have all the perks of americans with even better tax perks as a territory
[russia] may be i am a pervert , but i liked opening ceremony of the london olympics , except parts about music history and internationally unknown soap operas with people dancing .
[us] do nt , because for as long as i can remember , i have been constantly frustrated at how little the average american knows about our dealings outside the us .
[russia] there was an agreement on 20th of something of february where russia was present as silent observer , document was backed by both eu and u.s , the next day yanukovych was thrown out of the office and no one bats an eye .
[russia] they just hoped that russia would be a good little european capitalist and join in on and submit to the g7 s brand of imperialism .
[russia] i do nt have proper set of papers to travel normally , can not acquire russian citizenship since ussr fall , other citizenship will make me an illegal alien .
[us] there are  currently 5 ongoing eu military missions around the world   httpwww.eeas.europa.eucsdpmissionsandoperations  , and you d better believe that their rules of engagement are absolutely purely defensive .
[russia] for example , if you have nt registered at the new place yet then you and your relatives ca nt get an access to hospitals , schools and kindergardens .
[russia] of all the exsoviet states , the federation is the only one that actually looks after it s citizens , so i identity as a russian .
[russia] the more you try to impose your view on others , who not necessarily share it , the bigger the divide you will get  .
[us] it will almost certainly pass with a yes vote , but that s largely because the vast majority of prospain voters in catalonia will not be participating in the referendum , as they do not recognize its legitimacy .
[us] i suspect thats a big part of the reason why they seem to really want to  privatize education   httpwww.eiie.orgennewsnewsdetails2659   the jobs have to be privatized first .
[russia] sort a like , what if you were actually educating people about the issues they are supposed to be engaged with , instead of separation   they have their lives , we have ours   and we have a right to be stupid   .
[us] yes , it has that too , placing europe in a similar situation to what was encountered by the world s thirdlargest economy after the bubble burst on its postwar economic miracle .
[russia] let me add some for countries i m familiar with and which are nt presented here yet   satsivi   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisatsivi  for georgia  boiled poultry with walnut sauce  bazhe  .
[us] remember what i said , it was a pick your poison war , both sides sucked , end up a fascist state or end up an eastern bloc like state .
[us] for example , most americans would be extremely angry to hear that the us is trying to use trade with the us as a lever to force other countries to privatize healthcare .
[us] that was the war  78 days of bombing serbia and thousands dead before slobodan milosevic finally capitulated  when nato said   such a success , never again   yet here we are  with the  responsibility to protect  the new mantra , replacing kosovo s  humanitarian intervention .  both are debatable , given the failure to intervene in the separatist russian republic of chechnya then and syria , bahrain or yemen now .
[us] if a young person is so disengaged that they do nt already know about radical islam , a student union s official statement wo nt mean anything .
[us] but , i would rather europe covered its own costs for defense and seurity , than for us taxpayers to cover the lion s share of europe s costs for security and defense .
[us] in a setpiece speech on scotland s place in europe , delivered in bruges to echo margaret thatcher s bravura 1988 performance , the scottish first minister dismissed as absurd statements in brussels and london that a secessionist scotland would need to reapply to join the eu .
[us] getting killed from every angle and living in fear to where every civilian is a target and living with that guilt if you live at all .
[us] government is forced to either raise tax rates to gain the same revenue which would lower aggregate demand even more by removing disposable income from people or by cutting spending which also take away disposable income .
[us] that s nice in theory , but the problem is that under the franchise system there are neither incentives nor means for the individual franchise holder to improve the network .
[russia] i guess referendum was rigged as well and all those people celebrating on the streets of simferopol and crimea has done it under machine gun threat
[us] our state department ,  on estonia   httpwww.state.govrpaprsdpb201409231399.htmestonia   ms. harf  well , we ve seen these reports that an estonian internal security service employee was seized near the russian border in estonia on september 5th .
[us] as if somehow these people and specifically their children who will grow up immersed in european culture are genetically wired to be less than europeans
[russia] there s also this  the first point   httpswww.facebook.comdmitry.tymchukposts522348151227178 the rebels have at least 10  grads   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibm21grad  , many  nonas   httpen.wikipedia.orgwiki2s9nona  as seen  here   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv6tbsevt71bg  , smuggled from russia , and a proven track record of trying to get civilians  and journalists  killed .
[russia] tl  dr  russian military forces have seized control over two airports in crimea to prevent arrival of kiev officials note  i ve traced  original article on interfax website   httpwww.interfax.ruworldtxt361733   they ve corrected it  these are  crimean selfdefense  forces .
[russia] i have nothing against gays , but this thing is not just a gay , it s made itself this way specially for a scandal .
[us] its not a good model because it requires screwing a lot of people who are struggling now , and it will not lead to better working conditions for the workers who come either , they will be like the enslaved guest workers in the emirates , tied to a single job and unable to do anything  ask for better wages or working conditions because they will all be subcontractors or subsubcontractors etc.
[us] what if the brits had given the thirteen colonies as much say in westminister , and as much constitutionally guaranteed autonomy , as spain gives catalonia
[us] we also have the largest reserve of expeditionary forces  most expansive power projection capabilities on the planet to prevent that very type of thing from happening .
[russia] there will be no such thing as my clay or your clay when we achieve our goals , there will only be our common clay .
[us] arms corporations do nt supply you with the soldiers you actually need to fight a war , and there s just almost no will within the eu to come up with these soldiers .
[us] what s funny to me is thy china is doing the same and worse and tibet , and yet it is nt drawin near this kind of recognition and upsetness by the europeans .
[us] i knew that was bullshit , all it did was turn into a massive giveaway to the rich and increase the debt for no benefit .
[russia] do nt see you much out of  rplanetside ,  uztiller  should nt you be defending the vs now  jk , jk , i am vs too
[russia] i have troubles taking people like that seriously , especially when after reading the article the end game is always   poor little ukrainians did nothing wrong , they are just cleverly outsmarted and manipulated by evil putin all the time  forcing them to do plenty of stupid stuff and engage in absurd amount of bullshit spewing via their media outlets    we should immediately get them into nato and isolate russia forever and ever  .
[russia] ukraine s break up with russia means putin s ussr restoration doctrine and foreign policy have failed miserably  if even closest  slavic brothers  do nt want to join his games then nobody should do it .
[russia] i m sure you risk your life everyday , protesting against the transgressions of the all powerful oranjenassau monarchy , but in russia people have families to feed , jobs to work and and loved ones to not want to lose .
[us] ok , if you went to a totally french speaking area in wallonia , and started speaking flemish to a french speaker , what would the reaction typically be
[us] if you know that you will be absolutely destroyed if you launch a preemptive attack , then there s no gain to launching a preemptive attack .
[russia] in it , khodakovsky can be heard to say in russian  ya znal shto buk shol iz luganska  which would be more accurately translated as  i knew that a buk was coming  in the past imperfect , not past perfect ,  i knew that a buk came ,  as originally translated by reuters .
[us] its also not common knowledge but this elimination of public transit was a huge contributing factor to the creation of a persistent underclass in america .
[us] i m not saying poland would win , it would nt , but they have massively increased the cost , effort , and time required for a successful invasion .
[us] this trope of printing your way out of a recession is false as shown by both the value of the dollar and the results of inflation .
[russia] he also said that he did nt see any corruption except for the usual  example  people trading caps and stuff for cigarettes and saying they lost the cap  , and even that was almost nonexistent .
[us] lmao the situation in ukraine was in good part created by europe by waving the potential of eu membership in the ukranian people s face , but when shit hit the fan , the eu pussied the fuck out , abandoned the ukrainian people  left the burden to america until we could rally you guys back to the defensive .
[us] and what you did was called  tu quoque  when you went  hurr pay un fines   spening 1.3  of gdp is definitely not underfunding you guys ca nt even keep 110th of your  fighter fleet   httpwww.armedforcesint.comnewsreportshortfallsgroundgermanysaircraft.html  operational .
[russia] oh , and perfect use of orwell , if i hear one more neckbeard use it on reddit unironically i will unsub from  rcirclebroke to give my eyes a rest .
[us] the key i suspect is educational level , also wealth does not necessarily equal or even map that closely to quality of life or happiness , unless people are both poor and can not get essentials like health care , housing or education .
[russia] or really not quite , i mean , finns are accepted as a part of the nordic countries , but it s still funny .
[russia] but even at the start of his career the russian people were afraid of a yeltsin , so when putin impressed the people with the 2nd chechen war and the resounding , meaningful victory there , he pretty much engineered his crown on the bones of the dead chechens .
[us] similarly , according to japanese authorities , it was not direct damage from japan s 9.0 magnitude tohoku earthquake on march 11 , 2011 , that caused the fukushima daiichi nuclear reactor disaster , but the loss of electric power to the reactor s cooling system pumps when the reactor s backup batteries and diesel generators were wiped out by the ensuing tidal waves .
[us] it s just that i see that term misused frequently , and it is usually misused when trying to label and dismiss someone you disagree with .
[russia] given that crimeans support what happened and that ukraine would have denied any pathway for crimea to split away , i do nt see why ukrainians should be so angry , other than understandable nationalistic regret at having lost territory .
[russia] propaganda wo nt make a difference , when your home , your car , your friends and relatives are destroyed , you do nt care .
[us] most people associate lynchings with blacks , and a majority of the lynchings were upon blacks , but a decent number were against anyone not of an anglosaxon background , catholic , jewish or anything of the sort .
[us] accordingly , the proponents of this theory believe than any loss of these receptors is temporary and would not be apparent after 6 months of circumcision .
[russia] perhaps khodakovsky is using the same methods ...  westerners prefer to see the phenomenon of khodakovsky as explained by him being a  loose canon  or even  going rogue ,  but it s important to remember that throughout the three months of the conflict , he has remained fighting as leader of vostok and never been pushed out of power , like other leaders such as denis pushilin .
[us] so , why the hell did the eu just sign a  28.2 billion partnership agreement with hungary , in addition to giving him  3.45 billion for rural development and  39m for fisheries
[russia] if you wanted to be russias ally , you would nt have used the imf and world bank to bludgeon its economy in the 90s .
[us] httpwww.pnhp.orgnews2014augustavalerestudyofproposedcopperplans httpcapsules.kaiserhealthnews.orgindex.php201409califgovernorvetoesbilltoprotectassetsfrommedical  consumer groups  chronically ill still face insurer discrimination   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgdailyreports2014august18reformimplementationissues.aspx   federal rule allows higher outofpocket spending for one year   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgfeaturesinsuringyourhealth2013061113michelleandrewsoutofpocketcosts.aspx  3 . the following is from httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014february17healthplanownersmanualobamacare.aspx the khn site has a lot of info on us health care   note they are not affiliated with the kaiser permanente hmo
[us] in the us for instance you can get a card like the chase freedom  no annual or monthly fees , 5  cash back on rotating categories  like amazon or department stores  and 1  cash back on everything .
[russia] i have nt murdered anyone , i just do nt care about your attempts to make me guilty of everything russia done in the past .
[russia] ukrainian army has intensified fight  up to rumors they ve bombed column of russian tanks which tried to break blockade of luhansk and donetsk  and suddenly multiple articles and rumors appeared about  russian military delivered dead soldiers to their homes in russia   httpdonnews.ruvrostovdostavlenyteladvuhrossiyskihkontraktnikovpogibshihvtarasovskomrayone16120   and surely russian army said  it s not true   httptop.rbc.ruincidents15072014936685.shtml    rumor appeared about  russia is starting to work with radar station on cuba   httpwww.bfm.runews265417  just like it was during good old cold war times , putin himself said  it s not true   httptop.rbc.rupolitics17072014937018.shtml    july , 16  multiple videos appeared of   grad  systems firing from russian territory near gukovo  into ukrainian territory   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvhwgzhaguwgg    map of the location   httpswww.google.commapsplaced093d183d0bad0bed0b2d0be,d0a0d0bed181d182d0bed0b2d181d0bad0b0d18fd0bed0b1d0bbd0b0d181d182d18c,d0a0d0bed181d181d0b8d18f48.0753747,39.9261045,1053mdata3m11e34m23m11s0x40e1fbb7bc731f370xf9db5be1eeda417a  .
[us] the russian nuclear deployment plans and treaty violation should have been discussed during the recent nato summit in wales but were not , they said .
[russia] do nt forget that kids are also raised by patents that lived in the su , combine it with a culture that endorses following traditions and respecting elders  opinions and advice , account for state education that is largely sympathetic to the  old ways  and where loving  yes , literally loving  your motherland is taught as a virtue and bam  you ve got the recipe for the kind of person people here describe .
[us] it was the serbs who occupied northern albania , with no serbian population , in an attempt to gain an adriatic port during and after the first balkan war , an act opposed by the great powers , makes your ethical case incredibly difficult to argue .
[russia] first , the economy was in a shithole way before the crimea , but now economic dowfall will be compansated by the patriotoc uplift .
[russia] instead of having a civilised forum with balanced discussions , why not enforce a  no russians  policy on  reurope to ensure a democratic forum through the silencing of different opinions
[russia] so great and glorious to see historical enlightenment seeping into official russia , after 25 years of pathetically tugging at the west s coattails .
[us] as a citizen of the us , i did nt give thought into how europeans felt about it and i m sure as citizens of european countries they probably have nt given thought into how us citizens feel about it .
[russia] whataboutism is a term for the tu quoque logical fallacy popularized by the economist for describing the use of the fallacy by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war .
[russia] the  list in ukrainian wikipedia   httpuk.wikipedia.orgwikid093d180d0bed0bcd0b0d0b4d18fd0bdd0b8d0a0d0bed181d196d0b9d181d18cd0bad0bed197d0a4d0b5d0b4d0b5d180d0b0d186d196d197,d189d0bed0b7d0b0d0b3d0b8d0bdd183d0bbd0b8d0b2d0bdd0b0d181d0bbd196d0b4d0bed0bad180d0bed181d196d0b9d181d18cd0bad0bed0b3d0bed0b2d182d0bed180d0b3d0bdd0b5d0bdd0bdd18fd0b2d0a3d0bad180d0b0d197d0bdd18328201429  includes around  100 names of killed russian citizens  that s including volunteers , not confirmed kills , persons who fought for ukraine , etc. , not just russian regular army soldiers .
[russia] or do you buy the propaganda which completely robs them of agency , instead choosing to believe that the east is held hostage by a handful of russians
[us] you also sure seem concerned with shilling bullshit putin opinions in ukraine conflict and defending crimea invasions as part of russian land for someone that does nt believe in states .
[russia] it s shitty allaround , but i still have family back in ukraine and moldova  and while they complain about politics , the bottom line is that they are more concerned with price hikes on important necessities .
[us] essentially , there were at least 3  colored  parts of an area called  rus   broadly speaking , the area controlled by the state of kievan rus  in some protoslavic language and  ruthenia  in latin  red ruthenia , black ruthenia , and white ruthenia .
[russia] also , goverment is trying to force religion , for example we do have a course in school which is called  basics of christian culture  .
[us] thats true , as long as a  wealthy or near bankrupted country s  that matters not at all  taxpayers are willing  and able  to pay corporations as much as  50 billion euros in a recent suit  .
[us] and even if this were implemented , so you honestly think someone that rich is just going to sit around and let the state take all their money after that amount
[russia] a chief is a godfather who s permanently absent making his own biz , officers is a bunch of lazy laymans if no thugs in the worst case .
[us] even if the german government doubled the defense expenses ,  i bet  the result would not be a competitive army , but just more billions wasted due to retarded management .
[us] compound that with the end of the cold war leaving us the most dominant global power and the fact that iraq  afghanistan , despite what you want to call them , were sure as hell no vietnam , and you can begin to see why a response to a american solider being executed would be extreme escalation .
[russia] well , my intention was to make a bit of fun of the guy , mostly because of his overreaction to a joke comment by someone else  plus when i read threads , you have stuff like short term memory and somehow he associated for me with  dude who should take a chill pill   .
[russia] russia however is a distant country and the hatred is solely fueled by media and remnants of the cold war mentality , not real experiences because most people probably have never been to russia or met any real russian .
[russia] eh , it s not like it is required to chase down plane to intercept it , and it s not required to climb to plane s level to shoot a guided missile .
[us] we either should stay till it has a stable foundation or we should ve left back in 2001 when we toppled the taliban with a couple hundred special forces leading locals .
[us] it is often characterized by authoritarianism , efforts toward reduction or stoppage of immigration , expulsion and or oppression of nonnative populations within the nation or its territories , demagoguery of leadership , emotionalism , fomenting talk of presumed , real , or imagined enemies , predicating the existence of threats to the survival of the native , dominant or otherwise idealized national ethnicity or population group , instigation or extremist reaction to crackdown policies in law enforcement , efforts to limit international trade through tariffs , tight control over businesses and production , militarism , populism and propaganda .
[russia] you said what happened , like georgia tried to force abkhazia to stay  just like now ukraine is trying to keep east parts of the country  no , not just like that .
[russia] an alternative is economical and political isolation and slow death but i suppose it would be the worst scenario ever for the world and russia .
[russia] if russia is supporting them now against the georgia , does nt mean that we re responsible for their well being and standards of living , that s their problem .
[us] most linguists favor an anatolian origin for the indoeuropean languages , while anthropologists and geneticists think it s the black sea coast in modern ukraine .
[russia] option number 2  do not sign the pact and go to war with nazi germany , while france , britain  others look how germans and russians slaughter each other , with a possibility to later join in on the fun  for spoils of warcome late to a party  .
[us] they need to understand that jobs simply do nt exist for those poor and usually fairly unskilled people and stop trying to punish them .
[russia] i ve heard this story over and over again and each year official inflation is  decreasing  , but prices on everyday commodities keep on rising like a clock .
[russia] some companies ignore lack of documents  up to a certain level of responsibility   still i ve lost couple interesting careers  for example i could nt get certification as  sap erp   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisaperp  business analyst  .
[us] i am 30 and still have a pretty active social life , and do a decent amount of travelling to visit friends that have moved away .
[russia] still though , ukrainian army went in guns blazing , it was nt an  ato  like the west does it , you do nt use grad and su25s to barrage cities if you want to win the hearts and minds of people .
[us] we took them from their native home , forced them into labor , then forcibly separated them from the rest of society for hundreds of years .
[russia] it s not about metaphysical points anymore , it s about survival of people in the government  they have found themselves very close to syrian scenario and urgently need any available protection .
[us] as much as it can be used to stop groups that are negative for society , it can be used to stop groups that are simply opposed by the majority .
[us] because you have to pay out of pocket for the healthcare , and many people are struggling right now  so the mandatory fees are very unpopular 3  .
[us] but then i m sure each of these positions have their own individual line of successions , so if you go to each of them and kill everyone in their line of successions too then we would nt have anyone to be president .
[us] the main arguments that the majority of americans in this thread made are based on the scientific and medical community s assessment of the pros and cons .
[us] it s not spreading throughout europe or north america , it s spreading through west africa , where black people come from , it s not any type of racism just really logic .
[us] it should be noted that the agm158 has a range in excess of 370 kilometers and therefore out of range of even the most advanced russian sam systems .
[us] they still think the rest of the world operates like russia during soviet era where you can just put out a government controlled message and everyone buys it .
[russia] nah , i was mostly giving an insight into russian political field and why population perceives liberals in such negative way  its funny for me to read articles about russia going against liberalism and  western values  when there is literally zero mentioning anywhere in said articles what led to such state of affairs .
[us] the region is not going to be stable , that goal was lost with the opposition to a occupation , but the current plan is still be better than the alternative .
[russia] i am most amused by ukraine demanding the gas back considering its outstanding unpaid gas debts , but assuming ukraine will actually pay back all the debts , it would suck to have to pay for this twice  s
[us] i did nt realize how sophisticated and selfconscious most french girls were until i went to the us where the dress code is more relaxed .
[russia] it s like someone steals your car , rides it couple of days , than gets frightened by your reaction and decides to silently give it back .
[us] the europeans ca nt even agree on who gets what percentage of work for damn cargo airplanes  or the typhoon  , and britain  france both have a history of taking their ball and going home with regards to joint acquisition projects .
[us] i m making no comment on this discussion , but i ve stood up for black people when i heard racists remarks , and i m not black .
[us] when any entanglement like these ftas attempts to hijack the process by quietly giving corporations a right to block the nation s ability of selfdetermination by what is in effect a trick , then its a sign that that trick has to go .
[us] of course nothing is free , but i m not the one paying  the idiots who ca nt manage their cards properly are the ones that are making visa billions .
[us] despite this , the european commission has not bothered to prepare an impact assessment on it , in dire contradiction with its own guidelines ,  5  and just started to insert it in trade agreements it started to negotiate after the lisbon treaty .
[russia] have proved he s not worthy as a partner , his ideas and methods are utter bullcrap mostly , he can not control ukraine even with yanukovich s corrupted puppet regime .
[russia] later on , about 40 men broke into the hospital emergency room and beat up a friend of savchenko , anatoly larionov who happened to be there ,  long yt video  nsfw   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvlo30hwbe0aa  , after that larionov has died .
[us] and according to the cia world factbook ,  a number of developed european countries have a higher poverty rate than the united states   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofcountriesbypercentageofpopulationlivinginpovertycountries  , such as germany   might be the exact same as us now because other sources give it .1  lower at 15.1  which is the same as us   , belgium , estonia , spain , greece  slovakia .
[us] than america will probably respond with a tactical nuke or two , and then so on  so on until we re all living through a nuclear holocaust or somebody decided to give in  deescalate before the icbms get launched .
[russia] i suppose you think the entire separatist army is a monolithic entity with a single command structure , made up entirely of russians reporting directly to strelkov who reports directly to putin .
[us] with the demand for oil trending down and alternative energy pushes making progress saudi arabia has very little reason not to pump as much as they can for now .
[russia] if situation will not change  and i highly doubt that russian government is capable of introducing any meaningful reforms or strategical directions  , next year would be worse for russia than current one .
[us] calling these monstrosities  free trade  is like calling the equally coercive aca in the us  health care reform   it kind of catches in your throat , because there is nothing free about it , they are coercive .
[us] edit  i just also wanted to add that china s enforcement of its sphere is also much less blunt than the ussrs ever was .
[russia] too many elites , billionaires and their buddies talk about  how to fix the economy  without the desire to sustain significant pain or restriction of their power , thus its doomed to fail when those policies would not find support from general population .
[russia] i avoid them at all costs , because whenever i see one , i get a strong desire to punch him out and i really do nt want to get in trouble with the law again .
[russia] i m sorry , but keep digging your own hole and persuading me to ignore ukrainians because most of the ones on this sub are just as dumb as russians , just in a different direction .
[us] i m saying that yes people in the uk and north american colonies were treated like fucking kings compared to the shit belgium was doing in africa even hundreds of years later .
[us] cracks are already beginning to show in the 40yearold ban though , with some  pretty notable exceptions   httponline.wsj.comarticlesoilshipmentcracksdecadesoldban1406762293  being granted on a casebycase basis .
[us] if  going full  murican  is to not give a fuck about defending your position on sunday afternoon after a few hours over something this trivial consider me to bleed red , white  blue .
[us] mr. mc cluskey should read up on gats , the  wto  general agreement on trade in services , which was signed in 1995 , and it s  standstill  which makes  liberalization  one way only .
[russia] 1800 tanks near ukraine  means there are only 100200 tanks left near chinese border  which is extremely vulnerable position considering it will take 2  weeks to move tanks from ukrainian border to far east .
[russia] not that the russian government does nt deserve criticism  yes it does  but the things that get said here ... i m often unable to distinguish between stupidity , ignorance or plain insanity .
[russia] here in russia , no one knows whether their region is selfsufficient or is firmly attached to the federal teat unless they re from khantymansiysk .
[us] russia is justifiably afraid in the sense that it knows it has few if any friends around the world and the nato alliance is still very much oriented toward a russian conflict .
[russia] and for the rest , it s okay to spew any kind of bs on massmedia , as long as it s not a somewhat racist ad on one street
[us] common job level for students , because no taxes have to be paid and is easy for employers re  paperwork to employ a noneu citizen at that rate  however , if you do nt have support from your parents , things will be very difficult .
[russia] i find it ridiculous how keyboard warriors who sided with ukraine love to remind about holodomor  two millions raped german or polish  i dont remember  girls  whatever .
[russia] it also serves the goals of the european capitalists to create a larger european market for the monopolies and to increase the exploitation of the semicolonies .
[us] popular  buy american  provisions aimed at protecting local jobs in us states have been explicitly targeted for removal by eu negotiators , promising further mayhem .
[us] i m not calling people who are comfortable retarded , just the politicians who are trying to hamper the transition as a cheap trick to get old people to vote for them .
[russia] the most famous insult is probably putin s  you should come visit our caucasus , they ll circumcise you so hard you ll have nothing left  to a journalist .
[russia] can you also not conceive of a person having a different opinion than you , of their own free will , without them being payed to write it
[us] when i make statements that i know may seem  controversial  , i m always sure to back it up with a first rate source , but time and time again , people just ignore it , and its frustrating .
[russia] well , for starters russians did nt start the 2008 war , neither did they annexed south ossetia and abkhazia afterwards , only recognized their independence which was not so different from statusquo before the conflict .
[us] russia is moving tactical nuclear weapons systems into recentlyannexed crimea while the obama administration is backing informal talks aimed at cutting u.s. tactical nuclear deployments in europe .
[us] by the time of the troop surge  sunni awakening , when we managed to really get full control of the situation again under patreus , the damage to our image had already been done  we would never get that extra time back to fully stabilize the situation before we left .
[russia] i m sure their attitude will change even if that was the past and that may affect your whole life ... for example if you have children or family ...
[us] this is the conclusion of the report commissioned by the eu from the centre for economic policy research  cepr  in london at the outset of the negotiations   pdf   httptrade.ec.europa.eudoclibdocs2013septembertradoc151787.pdf   .
[russia] you are a victim of years of constant  blame everything on russia  type of russophobic propaganda , but you will come around when the eu shows itself for what it really is  the fourth reich and begins to destroy your cultures .
[us] it s actually standard practice for most negotiations to keep them behind closed doors until both parties are ready to put it to a vote .
[us] the media just loves to make us feel disenfranchised from the world around us ... nobody considers the possibility that they might be the ones that will have to enforce that  order  or that the  order  will be enforced on them , so they cynically agree to supporting their neighbors  death or subjugation .
[russia] the example of ukraine , which has massively underperformed even belarus , shows that worshipping western ways and plaintatively clutching at their lapels is no panacea .
[russia] they believe so strongly that they backed saints in ukraine , and act like reading just their highly partisan news , which has its own history of disgusting lies and apologetics , gives them any real situational awareness .
[russia] it is bad for ukraine in short term  though it  may  be beneficial in long term   and  it s good for eu in short term .
[us] china just took advantage of russia by russia finally caving and signing an energy deal with china where they end up selling fuel for cheaper than they sell to eu .
[russia] bandera was arrested by the nazis in july 1941 , but the oun s policy for the coming war  was formulated in may 1941   httprid.org.uap101  .
[us] the rest of the world is more than happy to leave russians to their own devices inside of their own borders and letting the whole place rot while the rest of the world moves on without them .
[russia] please open the 1939 map of the world , look at it very closely and then ask yourself  how come i judge soviet union actions based upon 21st century standardsmorals and give zero mentioning about imperial powers at the time , completely ignoring their role and using a shining example of generalization
[russia] why allow uneducated masses enter your countries when they do nt even bother adapting , have a ton of kids that burden your economy , and scream discrimination every time some one makes them do something
[russia] he s a force for both good and evil for russia , internally and once his social legislation is cast aside , he has been pretty good for russia imo , or at least the best we can get .
[us] as debt burdens soar from italy to greece , investors will take fright , populist politicians will gain ground , and  sooner rather than later  the euro will collapse .
[us] he also clarifies at 610 that the reason that the capitol of canada is ottawa and not toronto is because ottawa is far enough north that it would have been a suicide mission for americans to try to take it militarily back in the day .
[russia] last point , current russian developments  in my personal opinion  has more to do with crushing local dissent in an  extremely  troubled economic times ahead .
[us] he still thinks that we should respect russia s sphere of influence rather than deny them it in order make russia feel better that it s not a superpower anymore .
[us] i suppose southern america and northern america are indeed different nations in a grand federation , and it seems like the same can be said of germany and france now .
[russia] ukraine is in a dark place now , the new government is backed by oligarchs and none of my family our friends expect it to be much different .
[russia] unlike buses marshrutkas belong not to municipality or to a company but personally to the driver and he can do whatever he wants with it .
[russia] but there is close to zero doubt that russia and others are engaged in their respective  50 cent  parties , the issue is  why do you think they are here
[russia] i do nt mind if you criticise putin for lack of freedom of the press , for repressing opposition , even for approving homophobic laws , because there is some basis for these accusations .
[russia] but most of the people i know live in western ukraine and northern moldova , so it is nt even an option for them p  not that most would want it  .
[us] from the periodic table , inventing the theory of modern rocketry  and phenomenal successes later in applying it  , to some of the best math minds in the world  russian food is awesome , pierogi are awesome  though i understand there is some difference between cultures on what these actually are   very lively culture its a shame that relations are so bad , it would be at the top of my list to visit  especially st. petersburg  .
[us] while i agree that this was nt a great look for american news hosts , it s a bit of a stretch to claim that  american  news anchors are allowed to be ignorant .
[russia] russia  , we are turning back into 20th century and communism  for the first time since 1991 there was a parade on red square on may , 1 .
[russia] branch of the aryan tribe descended from the carpathian mountains , peacefully populated the great russian plain , siberia , the coldest part of the planet , came to the pacific ocean , established fort ross , absorbed juices of richest cultures of byzantium , europe , asia , defeated the worst enemy of humanity  nazism , paved the road to the space .
[us] i assume you meant to say bitching , in which case it s interesting that i asked a simple question and you interpret it as  bitching  .
[us] last week , we showed that the small print on the irish water website referred to a procedure for selling the company , and how irish water  may disclose customer data to the prospective seller or buyer   and that customers  personal data  will be one of the transferred assets  .
[russia] unless there is more phisical memory then virtual one to ensure the better worst case lifetime , though i m not sure if i ve read about such product or it s my imagination .
[russia] must be some crazy ass propaganda to brainwash me all the way in the western country i ve lived in since i was 12 .
[us] more than six budgetbusting months against one of the weakest militaries in the world , with shortages of planes , weapons and ammunition that were patched over by the pretense that nato was acting simply to  protect civilians ,  when it was clear to everyone that the alliance was intervening on one side of a civil war .
[us] pacifist activities are not permitted in those countries  in both of them the penalty is , or can be , beheading  while both the germans and the japanese do all they can to encourage the spread of pacifism in british and american territories .
[russia] i wonder if russians from former soviet republics are considered ethnically cleansed , because judging by the numbers of before soviet union collapse and after , number of russians significantly drop in these respected republics  stans , chechnya , dagestan and others  .
[russia] i mean , who would have thought they would fly over donetsk when a su26 was just shot down yesterday , along with two cargo and one more jet fighter planes
[us] i think english is the world language of business and learning it should be mandatory in eu but i would never want attempts to wipe out the other languages .
[us] eu members certainly do have more protections and guarantees , absolutely , and i think the fear is that they might lose them under a unified government .
[russia] when you ve never been to either ukraine or crimea , and do nt give a damn about the people living there because it is a foreign country for you .
[us] they want more leverage in getting their firms , not workers , into those markets  and the only thing that they can trade under the current system will be jobs .
[us] farewell and adieu to ye fair british wallets , farewell and adieu , ye sterling of home , for we ve received orders which are paid in the euro , we hope in a short time to spend you again .
[us] then , ideally , the business community will be confident enough to start spending their reserves and hiring more people again , returning the economy to full employment .
[russia] putin is a bastard , i m sure we can agree on this , and he s a terrible , terrible monster that should be put down asap , but all the same , i ca nt say i am sorry to see crimea back in the russian fold .
[us] in regards to age  the people i am talking about are women now , but started wearing the hijab of their own volition as a child .
[us] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiukrainiane28093sovietwar   ukraine has had a long history of being forced under russian rule and russia has a long history of trying to erase ukraine culture including actual ethnic cleansing and massive genocide that absolutely devastated ukraine .
[russia] sure proletariat generally supports this group , as well as a lot of older people , but it also has huge amount of middle classed urbanized young russians as well .
[russia] and i believe there are better ways of handling that issue i would like to hear your solutions . . for the moment reintegration and to hide the criminals backgroung of someone to the public are the best solution for the moment .
[us] 5 since developed countries want access to developing markets , they want to have  water   bargaining chips  in future ftas with indiachina , they want those jobs to be  in play  .
[russia] if ukrainians love separatism so much , why do nt the tolerate it within their own nations when there is a part of their country that would rather join russia
[russia] russia s business partners   western businesses  are not happy at all with western sanctions and , in turn , with western governments  at least from what i know .
[us] having frequented the uk on business in a previous job  and having been advised not to tip unless the service is exceptional by my local contact  , i found i preferred the dining experience .
[us] personally however i think the west would be stronger with a consolidated european union  united north american union working together instead of a overextended european union  divided north america with a wedge driven between them because of such a scenario .
[russia] ua soldiers were not able to return fire , because the attackers were on russian territory , so they were basically just targets for russian artillery .
[us] an insurance company blocked a country from having affordable health care and their logic was  which won , what they lost was only that they sued too early  was  this country s market  is our property .
[us] google uses their size to do pretty cool things in the market , so from a consumer point of view they are nt hindering our lives .
[russia] a clearly interested party is being  tweeting  something with zero factual proof and simply repeating the 23 months old story , almost like a copypaste .
[russia] hard to say , we are all former soviet citizens , we are used to tough times in the 90s and we goddamn know how it s like to have shit nothing .
[us] i understand no one likes isis  fuck those guys for real  , but at the same time it is a violation of their right to free speech .
[russia] and probably this is why they are forcing companies to delist from londonny exchanges  in hope they ll attract more money into the country to save kremlin s nearly broke ass .
[us] the red states are full of poor people that suck up federal money while hating the government giving them the money and think all taxes are bad especially for bullshit like schools and environment regulations that cost jobs .
[us] the call is made by the president through a decree , which can not be challenged , and the programs of the parties in principle are not actionable ,  he said .
[us] the one point that confused me was when he said losing gas from russia would be manageable due to it being a small percentage of their total energy needs .
[russia] this shows that there is still potential for another cult of personality in russia , that not everybody learned their history lessons good enough .
[us] as a young american , the only people my age i know who vocally support the palestinians are activists whose cause du jour is in fact the palestinian one .
[us] so , to justify their existence , politicians end up having to become part of a big lie , which they then muct lie more and more to cover up .
[russia] i believe that the truth will come in time , but that in the meanwhile certain parties have been particularly happy to politicize the deaths of civilians , and that the ukrainian military has been taking particular advantage of the media s shifted focus to intensify indiscriminate artillery and jet attacks on civilian populations .
[us] it s just that sometimes  nothing to do with you  i sense on this sub especially that sometimes people give arguments that are nt in good faith .
[us] keeping serfs uneducated and censored is the same tactics performed by governments like china , russia , cuba , north korea , and many others .
[russia] its hard to understand caz rip left ear  background noise  lag , but overall impression is of typical political semipr bullshit to score some points , try to influence the other side and weird mentioning of chechnya    .
[russia] well , russia always had a pretty shitty international view , i was thinking more about things like finland becoming nato member and installing missile defend shields , increased military presence in europe , full scale western support for syrian islamists  for a later possible gas pipe  , saudi arabia given a free passage from washington to finance terrorists , massive investments into greece gas , possible problems with russian money and property in the west , arctic race etc.
[us] evil ukraine just committing  genocide  for fun and using these brave rebels as the perfect excuse to finally get a chance to kill off their own people .
[us] do nt trust the food either , the pink slime could give you mad cow disease or the corn rampant tumors because of our horrid regulations  gm crops .
[russia] same tactic was used in 1993 in moscow to escalate conflict between military forces loyal to either president or parliament   unknown  snipers were shooting both sides .
[us] once the two fleet carriers for the royal navy are completed and armed with carrier wings it will probably retake its position as superior to the french navy .
[us] so they are pushing grossly inadequate insurance so that people dont have to pay thousands of dollars a month for insurance , but the effect of that is that when something happens , they they really get hit with huge costs and many families are bankrupted , lose their homes , etc. .
[russia] at this point the deal was null and void , and verkhovnaya rada had to take further measures , because de facto there was no president in ukraine anymore .
[us] it is kind of aggravating to live in a state in the us with a big population and know how underrepresented you are in the us senate .
[russia] the media repeated it often enough and parroted state departments hard enough to drive it into your skulls that terrorism  any bad guy ever , and that we are in a war against terrorism , so fuck them
[us] this means that quotas or bans on the export of water imposed for environmental purposes could be challenged as a form of protection  ism .
[russia] and the sheer irony of you saying i have a conspiracy theorypersecution complex , coming from a sub where every downvote or person arguing against the western view of the ukrainian conflict is a  putinbot  or  kremlinshill  .
[russia] again , from russian pov we offered you help and proposed partnership or asked for security guarantees , you spat on our face , denounced us as loosers and shat on all kinds of agreements and treaties .
[us] it s much better to have them based in the middle of a large afb in the us than in europe which is crawling with hostile espionage .
[us] the original writers of the constitution have written they expected a new constitution in 20 or so years , but it just never happened .
[us] life will be worse , but it will go on much as it does now , just with restricted freedoms of speech and press .
[russia] i m not justifying it , far from it , i m just saying that there was some truth in the reasons of why those people were deported .
[us] it s because both greenland and the faroese did nt want to be a part of the eu , so they are exempt from eu rules and in return they do nt get eu status .
[us] before only churchill was the only big name vocal about it , now there are a chorus of ex cold warriors  some of them slightly off  that are very loud about what is happening in eastern europe .
[us] although we pretty much replaced them as nuclear bombers with b2s  b1s an such , utilizing them mostly as conventional bombers   not a much better alternative when you want to drop a fuckton of bombs at one time in one place   , unlike russia who i m pretty sure still use theirs for nuclear delivery .
[us] whether you re in an hmo that pays almost no outofnetwork benefits or a ppo that covers some , the pocketbook protections do nt apply if you use a nonnetwork doc or hospital .
[russia] if you go back to threads about the us bases in europe most people were talking about how the us is europe s biggest enemy and russia is a partner .
[russia] i am more suspicious about upvotes  you do nt need to register to upvote and you seems to be able to vote multiple times from the same ip .
[us] to give you an idea , i had a tour of a plantation in the south and there was an indian family also touring it .
[russia] yeah , on the other hand , if the show is so popular that it as lasted for long , then they could be rich .
[russia] its funny , because if u compare to what ireland or scotland got from british empire and what ukrainians gained from russia over the centuries , one might think that someone is  ungrateful  to say the least .
[russia] if you noticed a pattern to a lot of protests around the world , they re all heavily populated with english placards if they seek to address an issue that is more than just a very specific incountry problem .
[russia] sure , many russians are suspicious of the us gov  t , but the american culture is simply too fascinating and powerful to be ignored , only the farright wing guys will actually pout at you .
[us] that being said , i was pretty open about my atheism  well , i did nt wear an  i m an atheist  sign but i would nt hesitate to bring it up  and i never faced discrimination .
[us] if russia can paint nato as a paper tiger without teeth in the defense of the baltics , it can erode any diplomatic or military confidence that nato provides to those states .
[us] the problem with this was that us decision makers completely failed to understand the mindset of the people they fought , and underestimated their willingness to give their live for their country , something many american leaders at the time had a notion of as an  american  trait .
[us] turning the us hegemony into a fullblown empire by collecting tribute would destroy all what s left of it s legitimacy and erode it s power base .
[russia] but this is just speculations of what might be happen sometime in the future , in the end russia again  reacts  to outside intrusion from eu and u.s.
[us] it gets dull very quick , because often americans  for example  are ruthlessly downvoted even , or especially , if their opinions are only ever so slightly different from what some might call a commonly accepted standardopinion in  reurope  2  .
[us] my point was this  what swedes think of as a  threat  and what israelis think of as a  threat  are orders of magnitude different in terms of cost in human life and political order .
[russia] the exdefense head , who was fired by president vladimir putin last november amid allegations of highlevel corruption , may get a reprieve under a proposed amnesty for convicts and defendants that is currently under consideration by the state parliament .
[russia] either sit there patiently suffering like a saint , or strip down protesters in the snow and film it on tape as if auditioning for a job at abu ghraib .
[us] well with increasing federalization of the eu why put an extra layer between your region and the power that is going to be in charge .
[us] there is a compendium of us academic sourced medical advice that is saying circumcision has definite benefits and this makes the decision difficult and here in the us it s not all based on a rabbi or a priest saying  god wants you to do this  .
[russia] remember , this is  reurope , it s unacceptable here to call any state propaganda outlet for what it is unless it s pravda or rt.
[us] i know exactly what the difference is between raw revenue collected and the difference between that and the net transferred out of the region .
[us] well fuck that , you would not hire a babysitter maniac with outburst , no matter how good excusereason for his behavior would be .
[us] so in that respect , isds is criminogenic in that to win , a politician has to either expose the system , which means accusing the other politicians of being crooks , or they have to become a crook themselves by making promises they know they can not honor without changing this international system .
[russia] correct ,  foreign  sanctions were targeted against elite and for population they look more like a joke  if not an invitation to take over whole ussr territory  rouble exchange rate did nt drop yet , at least not substantially enough  .
[us] people still do it , but they know they are being rude when doing so , they just do nt care or think it s funny  which it sometimes can be , especially in elevators d  .
[us] just like the american dream , you also have to be asleep to believe that a strong , united europe will ever develop from the eu .
[russia] the relevant article is  213   httpwww.zakonrf.infouk213    gross violation of the social order  that expresses  patent contempt towards society  on  motives of political , ideological , racial , national ,  or religious hatred or enmity   , and that is  committed by a group of people by prior agreement or by an organised group   .
[russia] if communism was equal to nazism , you  hardcore polish nationalist  would not exist today and independent poland would not exist as well , this is just a fact based on sheer size and manpower of soviet union compared to polish solidarnost  movement .
[us] he also was completely deluded about the us and canada and how they are lands of opportunity that welcome competition and are great for smaller companies .
[russia] i know the details , my classmate was there actually and sure russia played it s role there but we have nothing to do with georgia vs abkhazia hatred and fightings .
[russia] do nt you think that situation were hundreds or maybe thousands of girls are subjected to humiliation , violence and rape today is a bit extreme
[us] the west is more critical of israel than it is of far more oppressive regimes  china , sudan , saudi arabia , qatar , uae , etc.
[us] i saw you trying to imply that the us is in better shape and that the us model that is much worse than the statistics might indicate , is better , and its simply not true .
[russia] siloviki   yellow   liberals   red  outcasts from abroad  blue   politburo 2.0    russia raises interest rates  to 9.5   bbc.co.uk   httpwww.bbc.co.uknewsbusiness29848940    assistants  of a famous  proorthodox  antigay  deputy  vitaly milonov   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikivitalymilonov  turned out to be the owners of a network of stripclubs where club staff were robbing drunk clients .
[us] globalization scholar saskia sassen in a recent deutsche welle interview , highlighted the flaws of this  trade miracle    httpwww.dw.dewithttipeuanduspromiseatransatlantictrademiraclea17935749   so yes , the household in a very sort of narrow perspective gains because they pay less , the famous example of this is of course lowcost chinese imports .
[russia] it no longer works due to variety of reasons including transitioning economy  talks about where exactly our society is headed and what skills would be necessary in the future is rather rare , but its a fundamental issue to formulate a policygoal and go towards it  .
[us] because you are a uscanadian citizen , germany  and probably most of eu uni s  will waive this requirement , and allow your parents to sign an official piece of paper , promising they will give you financial assistance throughout your studies .
[russia] there is a world of difference between accepting history and condemning committed wrongs , and making a fucking  hero  from wellknown nazi ideologist ,  freedom fighter  whose  freedom fighting  apparently involves massive ethnical cleansings , complete with women and children .
[russia] anything further than that has been ruled out by domestic politics and in particular blocked by republicans in u.s. congress    httpcns.miis.edustories120514natorussiamissiledefense.htm  even better  from the same article    reportedly , the administration had also entertained the possibility of sharing classified data on the existing and future interceptors to demonstrate that they will not be able to intercept russian strategic missiles .
[russia] my joke about how russia s fuel cost is formed is just an indication of what there is plenty in the world already  monopolies and cartel agreement .
[russia] in uniform    i m a russian cursed with the love of men in a country where men are nt so lovely and loving men is nt safe .
[russia] and if they dare to point out that every other nation in the world has similar problems , i silence them with  whataboutism  phrase , which is quite the nice little thoughtstopping phrase .
[russia] there were numerous scandals on rdota2 , unidan guy , chanman etc , there is plenty of good evidence why people do it and what power it gives to them .
[russia] it also does not negate the fact , that russian reserves are being used to pay for other country financial retardation , while russian economy is not exactly booming by any means .
[us] racism is the act of beleiving that one race is superior or that races are genetically different  outside of skin color  and ca nt coexist .
[us] poland  and really eastern and central europe in general  constantly favor nato over the eu when it comes to defense because america is more reliable than western europe by orders of magnitude .
[us] you may have the schengen agreement , but  and i ca nt find the source at the moment  only around 12  of europeans currently live in a country other than the one they are from .
[us] it s a good thing this was made public  now  , so it can be addressed this has been common knowledge to anyone who has interacted with the bundeswehr for years .
[us] the uk decided ot go with paams for it s  daring  class destroyers , and those 6 plus the french and italian vessels means there s a grand total of 10 such vessels on the planet .
[russia] writing on the wall was already there , all the signals indicated at potential of huge conflict in europe , to accuse soviets in looking out after themselves being the  commiesreds  they were , is insulting to soviet diplomatic and intelligence services .
[russia] being russian and all , i have a nagging feeling something significant might be happening that nobody is paying attention to since everybody is gawking at ukraine .
[us] this is  a little chunk of a critique   httpspeople.vrijschrift.organtettipvrijschriftshortcomingsnlstudyisds.html  of a recent dutch government study that concluded isds is great  these are shortcomings shared by many biased examinations of these issues i think .
[us] poland would fight well , but russia s military has been geared to fight the united states , thus they have highly advanced aa and air power that would make quick work of most air forces .
[russia] i am not sure  , but i think conditions of imf loans was  territorial integrity  or something like that  perhaps forcing them into war in southeast , but again i m not 100  sure and too lazy to check it or wonder about  secret  parts  .
[russia] i do nt have time to learn german , i have to get out of the country while borders are nt closed and dear leader did nt ask me to fight against nato forces on western front or against people s army of china in the east .
[us] this does not happen without deliberate action , either by the passenger or someone with access to the crash site before the international investigators came .
[us] even in the 1829 age group , more americans would choose to support israel than the palestinians by a 2to1 ratio , and that was  during the last gaza war  .
[us] most big powers do nt go in and commit mass murder against doctors , engineers , officers , lawyers , and anyone else that can stand up to them .
[russia] from what i heard china offered to pay in advance for few years with 30  discount  less than 300   price was more like 250270   .
[us] not saying it does nt happen here but it s more likely to be like guns stay in the home unless going to the range or it s deer season .
[us] the classical music , fine vodka , rich history , survived history  stalin , wwii , fall of ussr . . etc  , the many contributed  inventions   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikicategoryrussianinventions  and let s not forget russian dashcam footage .
[us] in fact , obamacare has been sold and kept in the united states by people like senator harry reid misrepresenting that obamacare  privatization    is a  stepping stone to an eventual single payer system    httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  .
[russia] yeah i concur that the blogger law sucks and i seriously do nt understand the need for it  what kind of regime feels threatened by people venting online
[russia] more sanctions would nt do anything for me it looks like iran is now much calmer than it was 3 years ago before sanctions hit them .
[us] mexico and brazil had higher aftertaxtransfer gini scores , but no  before  scores with which to compare them  including them would push the u.s. down to fourth place .
[russia] before my 25th birthday i was hopelessly beaten 3 times , another 3 times i was able to return a favor immediately on the spot , let alone my own aggressive acts .
[us] lol dude , like ... until 1990 poland was effectively under soviet occupation , everything after that did nt include that would give growth just like ukraine right
[us] but really , this debate is my favorite on reddit because i can not figure out why people care that i buy my milk in gallons .
[us] you can run it like a private company and charge what it takes to make it break even while keeping it regulated by the government to make sure citizens are nt fucked .
[us] so , we should try to figure out how to raise the educational level of society so we can move on to the next phase of humanity s evolution which hopefully will include all of our survival as a species , our cleaning up the planet , and going out into space .
[us] libya , europe and the future of nato  always waiting for the u.s. cavalry    httpwww.economist.comblogscharlemagne201106libyaeuropeandfuurenato   america was visibly reluctant to get involved , let alone lead the action .
[us] please , go on , clue me in on how russia is defending itself by constantly invading the air space of all their neighbors .
[russia] right now border is transparent from inside  you can leave the country any moment you want , but it s obvious it will be closed sooner or later  it s already being closed for cash  .
[us] it was the italian conquest of libya which provided the context for the balkan league s war , both of which were wars of conquest , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue .
[us] and despite what people may think , i can almost gurantee that the russian leadership recognizes this , and i m almost positive that  they will  use tactical nukes in east ukraine if we get involved , and i m damn well positive we   america   will respond in kind with our own tactical nukes , until it eventually escalates into fullblown strategic nuclear warfare with icbms or deescalates with large chunks of ukraine being a radioactive wasteland .
[russia] not to mention that it s mostly for the same bandits who were killing russians 15 years ago and who are openly bragging about it , shooting people openly at the streets of moscow and provide a huge source for ethnic organized crime in russia .
[russia] it does nt make anyone evil , just as the fact that stalin did nt kill 1.5 bln people does nt make him a nice guy .
[russia] in the  nuclear  scenario of being cut off from the western financial system and russian corporate assets being frozen in the west , then there would no longer be any point in not defaulting on loans and seizing western assets in russia .
[us] huge numbers of apartments were built here in the us in the immediate postwar era , by a form of publicprivate corporation that as far as i can tell is now barred by ftas .
[us] now , if he was marketing his meat as literally being from new york , as opposed to just cut or prepared in some vague  new york style  then i guess that he could get in trouble for that , but false advertising and trademark violation still are nt the same thing .
[us] however , we simply have no need to go into a perpetual war state like america believe it or not , i did nt recommend it , and as far as i can tell , no fellow with a little american flag next to his name did either .
[us] she would have received a thorough briefing on what irish water wishes to tell us  the legal prohibition on privatisation would no doubt have been drawn to her attention .
[russia] i m glad you partially agree with me here , keep in mind that i m not aiming my criticism at you directly but the voting patterns of this sub .
[us] it just is expensive for russia because china is nt willing to pay eu rates for their resources and the infrastructure is already there for russia in regards to eu .
[russia] there are 2.5 civilizations in eurasia  the west , which is europe and middle east , the east , which is the sinosphere , and the south , which is india and other desi .
[us] he is saying , basically , that all of the money spent  those  huge  amounts  to keep troops stationed in those two areas of the world  the cost differential between  deep engagement  and  offshore balancing   is  totally  a waste .
[us] while that does happen in certain parts of west virginia and pennsylvania , the vast majority of coal production is from open pit mines in the west , specifically wyoming .
[us] there is a discussion of this issue in the decision in  achmea v. slovak republic  ii   near the end  here   httpwww.italaw.comsitesdefaultfilescasedocumentsitalaw3206.pdf  is nt that slick
[russia] httpwww.pravda.com.uarusnews201402247016110  february 25  new interior minister avakov starts internal investigation about actions of police during maidan httpmvs.gov.uamvscontrolmainukpublisharticle986994  february 26  general prosecution of ukraine  people guilty in mass murders will be punished httpwww.gp.gov.uauanews.htmlmpublicationsampcviewamptrecampid134870 that s just some news  before  the taped paet  february 26  conversion .
[russia] russia is haunted by the 90s and the drunk fiasco that was yeltsin , not many people love putin , but many respect his tenacity and almost everyone believes that he is the only one who can keep the oligarchs in check ...
[us] 3  there was an interim government , followed by elections that the east could have voted in  for anyone who had nt been killing protesters  had the rebels not destroyed the ballot boxes .
[russia] before this invasion putin s politics were tolerable , now it s obvious he is dragging country back into poverty and potentially into major war .
[russia] i wish he did nt sign those laws in as of late , but as someone who both likes guys , is a guy and lived in russia i understand that most people back him on that , so i ca nt even blame him directly for it , he was just playing into the prejudices of the common folk , scoring off easy points .
[us] and i m not trying to mean or anything either , but the reality of these things is that the same logic you use to oppose the united states joining as a whole is the same logic i use to oppose canada joining the european union .
[russia] i dunno about that , rebels might find a plane or two in hangarsbunkersinsert excuse here in donetsk airport or ukrainian pilots might  deflect  and promptly disappear in fear for his and his family life .
[russia] ca nt really tell due to variety of reasons such as i have nt watched russian tv for about a decade , i had internet access for almost entirety of my life , i stopped really following the conflict several months ago , i ca nt really speak for the entirety of russian population and so on .
[russia] ukrainian forces and separatists planned prisoner exchange  separatists were ready to exchange budik , colonel vaschenko , one more civilian , and 2 soldiers on some woman olga detained by sbu .
[us] if there was a serious succession movement  and texas , for example , has  5  pro independence population , like puerto rico  , the supreme court could just do its job and reinterpret the constitution based on how the generation that inherited it thinks it should be interpreted .
[russia] no , russian farmers suffered dearly too , and other smaller nations  sorry , kazakhstan , you got it only halfbad that time , let s focus on ukraine , yeah , right
[us] the thing about bibi is , he s a chickenshit ,   this official said , referring to the israeli prime minister , benjamin netanyahu , by his nickname .
[russia] military does not generate that much of a profit as far as i know for small states and they are in nato , so whats the point
[us] it was nt until patreaus came in and helped stitch those wounds back together with a huge troop surge  ability to convince the sunni tribal leaders to throw out alqaeda  begin working with the iraqi government   bags of money  the hugely increased american presence to help gurantee security probably being of no little help i imagine   .
[russia] but , no , even if this deal would be about the far east alone , the majority of the population would absolutely be against this .
[us] when someone tries to help you overcome your problem and you refuse to accept that you have a problem you ll become very defensive and even aggressive towards the other person .
[russia] when people talk about how strong soviets were , i ask them , why with all the military might  in 1941  within a summer campaign nazi s were that close to moscow
[us] france thought the euro would hinder german soft power  contain their influence to the benefit of france , only have the opposite thing happen when germany turned the tables to the determinant of france .
[us] i think , just for the sake of finding an example , that hawaii and some other us state  let s say wisconsin  joining together under one larger federation is as close of an historical example of two modern nations joining together under one federation as we can find .
[us] if we start being adults now , chances are the next solar storm wont be next week or even next year , figure we should try to implement the most basic protections first , for example , multiple on site self contained , not grid connected redundant power systems . .
[us] some of the differences i mentioned are like how only the house can propose a spending bill   although it still has to be approved by , and can be amended by , the senate   and the president needs to have the senate confirm   by majority vote   appointments of cabinet secretaries , federal judges , other federal executive officials , military officers , regulatory officials , ambassadors , and other federal uniformed officers .
[us] sadly the uk is one of the few countries that take defense seriously , so i end up expecting a lot more out of them versus the many that think it is totally optional .
[us] there just happens to be good hospitals and health care infrastructure for various reasons , including the fact that insurance companies are headquartered in the twin cities , and the mayo clinic is in rochester , etc.
[us] have some compassion  says the guy advocating a policy that will convince an entire ethnoreligious group that they are not welcome in his country .
[russia] however , the last two  mod and chief prosecutor is very scary , these are the  absolute worst  places to put neonazis , aside from the presidential and prime ministerial seat .
[us] you do nt think this would nt drastically increase the support for parties like vvp  national front in the netherlands  france respectfully , despite them not having serious independence movements
[us] this issue is one which all of us , including we americans why by and large have been lied to on a level which any european would not believe unless they had actually experienced it .
[russia] there are plenty of neonazi and neostalinist groups that choose to ignore the genocides to focus on the  more positive sides  of those leaders .
[russia] ukraine is nt democratic because of cossacks and modern ukraine is nt some continuation of cossacks , it has more to do with the germans creating the two  independent  ukrainian republics during both wars than it does with the cossacks .
[us] len mccluskey , the secretary general of unite , the trade union , told ibtimes uk   karel de gucht has confirmed that isds , the mechanism that allows corporations to sue national governments for billions , is at the very heart of these talks .
[russia] now i know this sub is just jerking each other in an antirussian jerk right now , so the fact that you re batshit nuts is easy to overlook , but the correct way to address rs and svoboda is to outright condemn them , not go all mealymouthed and try to bullshit your way out of condemning them .
[russia] that is not to say of all the other shit you will need , including  extremely rapid  deterioration of trade and political ties will almost entirety of globe  even less money , goods , technologies etc  .
[russia] they are the same , you say , so give me an example of state sanctioned genocide campaign with the clear goal of extermination of a race or a nation .
[russia] there re already more than 100k comments written since the beginning of the crisis ... tl  dr  it wo nt work , at least not in the way chosen by the government .
[us] admittedly , much of this success can also be given to the victories of the civil rights movement , but the polices should still be a part of his legacy .
[russia] now we are reaping the fruits of what was sowed for the last couple decades at least , current russian mentalityattitude is just a backlash  attempts to preserve power by corrupt politicians and their buddies oligarchs .
[russia] reddit consensus  should ve known that downvote button is not for disagrees , it s for comments that do nt contribute to the discussion .
[us] pacifist propaganda usually boils down to saying that one side is as bad as the other , but if one looks closely at the writing of the younger intellectual pacifists , one finds that they do not by any means express impartial disapproval but are directed almost entirely against britain and the united states   httpwww.goodreads.comquotes20280themajorityofpacifistseitherbelongtoobscurereligioussects  the anti west contrarians will often seem to support regimes like russia , iran , syria , and china and lap up the propaganda that are pumped out by these places .
[us] after the fall of haifa or ashdod , when it becomes clear to outsiders that israel has the very real possibility of losing , american public opinion demands that we help israel , but our feckless leadership dithers for weeks as enemy armies get closer to tel aviv , and eventually decide that helping israel is a fool s errand .
[russia] httphistans.comliberuabookupa2.pdf   i m not very good with ukrainian , but it is close enough to russian to understand that this is about  liquidation  jews , poles and russians   hostile nationalities
[russia] gorbachev could have sent in the tanks and crushed any rebellion in 1991 , but after talks with the us president and promises not to expand nato into the warsaw pact , gorbachev chose to peacefully diassemble the ussr .
[russia] well , i m actually from siberia , though not from an  ethnic  republic , and as it is now , those groups are fully integrated into our society .
[russia] they actually  lost  to japan and got their country occupied and if u would take a look at numbers , its pretty hard to comprehend how can 500 million people loose to  70 , but they did .
[us] that does nt preclude me from being happy when usa does the right thing in the world or criticizing bad actions from countries or people .
[russia] but you were making a clever little joke about russia being a backwards retarded place , who has no place on the world stage .
[us] this always gets difficult because of definitions , but many european systems to me with aspects of socialist systems would be better called social democracies and not socialist .
[us] it s because the treaty regulating transit of the dardanelles and bosporus straights sets limits on the naval firepower and capabilities of the naval ships going through it .
[us] i think most governments have just accepted that the russian bear is not going to give up anything in crimea and that talking about it further will get nothing accomplished , sure the un can condemn it all it wants but when has that ever had an effect on a permanent security council member
[russia] those who can think are calling this situation  suicide  as everyone understand this state may not survive severe trade embargoes which are about to start during next week .
[us] that same article also mentioned the difficulties the european nato countries were having scrounging up a additional 10 warplanes , which makes me suspect that germany is not unique in having a huge part of it s air force grounded due to lack of parts .
[russia] and for me it does look very strange how leaders of european countries did nt treat them as such but instead made themselves heavily dependent on oil and gas controlled by a gang of unreliable thugs with criminal motivation , habits  and nuclear weapons .
[russia] thank you , when you re learning a new language it s actually very helpful when people do nt hesitate to make some language corrections , and especially minor ones as those are the hardest to make by yourself .
[russia] in case of russia foreign companies would gladly invest into russia if the business environment and especially the government was more stable and less corrupt .
[russia] things like fog of war exist , soviet leadership did not had the capabilities to read hitlers or japanese emperor mind at the time , the whole situation around soviet union was pretty menacing and world preferred to look the other way .
[us] a friend who has been all over europe once said that albanians are muslims the way that the irish are catholic  they are nt going to let it get in the way of having a good time .
[us] they were also rolling around in equipment they obviously were nt trained in that would fit right in with marines in baghdad during occupation .
[us] with climate change , we ve been getting less rain in the southwest , but it has also made the storms even more fierce when we do .
[russia] shhhh , little hungary , soon the nightmare will be over and once again you will be a part of glorious russian empire  fear not comrade , we will liberate you from capitalist pigdog western devils and hug you as close as possible p
[russia] so it s definitely collaboration with nazis from the pespective of other allies , but they can blame themselves really and their great diplomacy in munich .
[us] the real issue is that russia refuses to use modern addiction treatments and programs , like methadone , that have been effectively used elsewhere , i think viewing them either as only for weak europeans rather than strong russians , or a conspiracy against russia .
[us] i know how to pay the bills in my house , why do those drunk heathens in france think it is a non stop party
[us] the us was nt trying to fight north vietnam so much as they were trying to fight communists in south vietnam regardless of whether they were nva units or guerrilla fighters .
[us] i moved from san francisco , so i think i m one of the few americans to move abroad and notice  more  fat people .
[us] the us built its wealth through natural resources , entrepreneurship , geography , free society , and human capital via immigration and topnotch higher education .
[russia] unofficial help is obvious , but size and source of that help is kept unclear by those who organize it  and it is not necessarily putin  there are all kinds of powerful people in russia with their own agenda  .
[russia] only eu can claim high ground , most of their nations have been quite wellbehaved in the past several decades , i can not accuse them of hypocrisy when they point out the flaws in russian reasoning , because the eu nations have been mostly very lawabiding internationally .
[russia] on the other hand , i ca nt help but mention you have no idea how putin get in charge of russia in the first place .
[russia] this time it happened with the  biggest coal mine in the country   httptop.rbc.rueconomics10042014917166.shtml    since the china is the most valuable customer for our petrochemical economy  and probably the only one in nearest future  in case of harsher sanctions from us and eu    government is forcing staterun oil companies to move to far east   httptop.rbc.rueconomics12042014917549.shtml  .
[russia] bezler  bes  was willing to trade all four prisoners for a young woman  the wife of one of its fighters , kulygina olga ivanovna .
[russia] i ca nt recall a time where any of the newspapersoutlets have published a story which was complete bullshit with zero evidence or factual backing .
[us] as for conflicts with countries outside the eu , which would mean russia , well , us presence does nt seem to be a panacea to preventing economic and political conflicts , either .
[us] tell me ... are you one of those canadians who gets their panties in a bunch  whine like a bitch about a cultural invasion when there s one too many american showsmovies on the tv
[russia] if this sounds confusing , contradictory and even crazy , it may very well be intended as such  after all , khodakovsky is an officer in the sbu , trained by the soviet kgb and then later cooperating  and infiltrated by  russian intelligence today .
[us] there is a lot in conspiracytheoryland about the evil oneworld jewbanker system  at the same time , the brics are attempting to launch their own competitive institution to the world bank .
[us] europe s carrot of possible eu membership might ve helped create this crisis , but it s americans who have had the leadership role forced on us a number of times because of eu incompetence  divisions in your membership .
[us] i just want to have real conversations on here , backed up by others who have researched the subject , instead of just throwing general accusations about our countries problems around .
[russia] also buy every single media outlet in ukraine is crucial , raise prorussian journalists in ukraine if necessary  following in you know who s steps   .
[us] the us supports israel because they are the only democracy left in that part of the world , and we need to ensure that we keep at least one friend in a region where everything is rapidly going to shit .
[us] if you speak russian then you probably spend a lot of time being exposed to russian propaganda from those tv channels , websites , etc.
[russia] it was not mentioned in the article , but petr dudnik , the protestant pastor who had his church seized by russians , is an amazing person .
[russia] relative size of population in areas of this conflicts is more or less equal , intensity of conflict is harder to qualify but lets say it same .
[us] i know there are lots of cubans in florida from decades of people escaping to usa and florida is nt worse off because of it .
[russia] and now something like that happens again when all the media tell people that maidan are fascists and terrorists and that they are threat not only for ethnic russians in ukraine but also for russia itself and that all the russian opposition are extremists by definition .
[russia] was a polish statesman  chief of state  1918  22  ,  first marshal   from 1920  , and leader  1926  35  of the second polish republic .
[us] if this sub had more posts sceptical of the us based on solid foundational evidence , than i would be absolutely of another opinion .
[russia] organized people with vertical of power , military style chain of command and defined goals usually succeed more than people  who are for everything good , against everything bad  .
[russia] an ad hominem  ...  is a general category of fallacies in which a claim or argument is rejected on the basis of some irrelevant fact about the author of or the person presenting the claim or argument .  but you are right
[us] that s the thing though , there are a lot of groups that use violence , and could be cited as oppressive , including the countries we all live in .
[us] in fact , due to privatization and other forces , cholera outbreaks affecting more than 140,000 people occurred in south africa between the years 2000 and 2002 .
[russia] sorry to be that guy , but wrong use of russian patronymic kinda ruins the suspence   in russia , calling people by patronymic only is very informal and acceptable only for buddies .
[us] i guess if a policy benefits starving africans , it s  market fundamentalism  , if it benefits rich european farmers , it s  compassionate socialism  .
[us] the middle class in asia is growing very rapidly , and to sell to it they feel they need national treatmentmost favored nation to apply .
[us] the conflict has exposed just how weak the eu is as an institution , with russia picking it apart by playing the individual countries against each other , be it gas , economic dealssanctions , and supporting euroskepticrightwing political parties  fideszjobbik , arguably fn and berlusconi  .
[russia] baltika is utter shit compared to most russian beers too  even to some sorts that are made on baltika factories , do nt know how it s possible , but somehow they manage to do just that  .
[russia] httpwww.reddit.comreuropecomments2lgy2crussiareservesdecline105billionmostsincemayclv0q55  in short , the middle class in russia  apparently the most westernized part of the population  was caught between the rock and a hard place .
[russia] its a start , but the process is not instant , hence the preemptive crackdown on free press , antiprotest laws and so on .
[russia] i mean sometimes we can and should hesitate and have doubts about reality we live in , but now it s not the case  either we will actively oppose the invasion without second thoughts or tomorrow europe  and russia  will be much less comfortable to live in  with 250millions strong neoussr reborn from the ashes .
[russia] i mean they judge putin s actions and laugh at dashcam footage 247 , but every time they talk to an actual russian , they are mindblown , as if they think we do nt have internet here .
[us] the us set up a ballistic missile defense system there  which does nt really work and everyone , especially the russians , knows it  and the russians went nuts because they know exactly what we re up to .
[us] also eu has a big interest on being worried about civil wars going on in north africa considering they have to deal with the refugees .
[russia] jack daniel s is prohibited too   httptop.rbc.ruretail22082014944318.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem3  , government is nt brave enough to declare their political moves are political and says there are rational reasons behind their actions  instead of them being warmongering fools    after recent spark of  extremist    separatism  activity in kaliningrad  konigsberg  people protested with slogans  stop feeding moscow
[us] httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikirace  humanclassification   race is a social concept used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by anatomical , cultural , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , andor social affiliation .
[russia] , intentionally obscured the truth by focusing on single photos out of context or clips from videos precisely edited to reverse the actual events , jumped to wild conclusions from positions of no evidence at all , on repetition ad infinitum with no intent or attempts to rectify gross errors in truth and judgment .
[us] i thought the war was justified and still do , but thought going forward with it and how it was managed was a disaster .
[us] 14 and the uncircumcised male who is not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin , that soul shall be cut off from his people  he hath broken my covenant .
[russia] at least you would die protecting something which you hold close to your heart and would not feel regretremorse when someone puts a gun next to your head or rape your woman in front of your eyes .
[us] do nt let them think they are doing you a favor for spending billions on attacking   iraq or syria   libya for their own purposes .
[us] deflation combined with a refusal to use debt spending can lead to destructive deflationary spirals that murder an economy and make recovery all but impossible .
[us] it may be the one of the single largest groups  i too have nt seen the stats  but no single group is the majority .
[russia] some of these may worth more than an economy  russia has rich experience of surviving on shoestring budget  including putin s own government 15 years ago .
[us] well sweden joined isaf even without being a member of nato , i highly doubt you would have to worry about joining any crazy conflicts .
[russia] one of the protesters , eugene pirozhkov , was holding a placard  sodomy is sweeter than honey  and was detained by police after refusing to roll the poster and so he was taken to the police bus .
[us] oh yeah it s definitely a good depiction of the sterotype but what that guy said would be like a swede saying  it s sadly true , we all kill ourselves  it s just ignoring reality .
[us] usa was laughing at romney when during his debates he was talking like it was time to ramp up cold war and said russia was biggest threat to usa .
[us] almost all of the residents pay below market rate rents because their incomes have not been rising the 10 percent or more the market rate rises every year now .
[us] and most places are going to celebrate independence day on the 4th , as that is the official day of independence , rather than on the third .
[russia] all while you ve been decrying the separatists in every which way for killing civilians by mistake , the people you support have been killing them quite on purpose .
[russia] that s basically is an example of very poor superficial reporting and nonexisting analysis you are able to get only a very vague and distorted idea what s going on in the area .
[us] i just paid my tuition for this quarter  4 quarters a year including summer  , i m taking 8 credits , and it cost me  2500  tuition and  fees   .
[russia] i know i can not expect any reason or understanding from the europeans however if this is what the liberal proeu sub upvotes to the top .
[us] the estonian defense league , or kaitseliit , now has around 14,500 members in its fighting units , compared with around 3,800 in the professional military .
[russia] i would love for france to cancel this deal , 1  it was only probably made because they paid kickbacks to serdyukov  2  no doubt the frogs will pepper electronic spying devices all over it  3  if it cancels it russia will have a legal right to big compensations .
[us] at the same time , politicians in other states  vermont , massachusetts are promising some bizarre thing they call  single payer  but which is obviously not as its not single . .  as if there was  no gats limit   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  at all
[us] some huge percentage of people in obamacare  maybe 34   until quite recently  had much more generous employer  group  plans  people who had employer insurance before  now suddenly have to reach huge deductibles  in many cases thousands of dollars  before the insurer kicks in anything .
[russia] i ve got better things to do than attack someone , even less so who s opinion i happen to share  in this thread at least  .
[us] if a poor section of usa is attacked , the other states do nt tell it to go fuck itself and mention all the tax revenue that gets paid towards them .
[us] sometimes , it seems to me that some eu supporting europeans start to talk about the european union as though it is one single country .
[us] as it stands however , you europeans have been talking shit about the us for the last ten years , and now you expect the us to be the rock upon which you stand , while talking shit about russia .
[russia] i mean , russia has karelianlanguage state tv , bbc broadcasts in welsh and gaelic , why not try the same in estonia instead of forcing people to learn a new language , alienating them and forcing them to watch state russian media , which is terrible
[us] anyway , i m ranting , but where i m going with it is this  we may not be quite there yet , and that is a damn shame , but we re heading in that direction .
[us] race to the bottom in water standards  if the u.s. commits water services under proposed gats rules any federal , state or local regulation governing water services , such as those designed to protect water quality , universal access , as well as public utility commission rulings , could be challenged as  barriers to trade .  a government would have to demonstrate that the policy was necessary and that no other less traderestrictive measure could be taken to accomplish the same objective in order to maintain it .
[us] inevitably , then , nato air power and technology , combined with british , french and qatari  trainers  working  secretly  with the rebels on the ground , have defeated the forces , some of them mercenary , of col. muammar elqaddafi .
[us] if a young person is so disengaged that they do nt know about isis , why would they be engaged enough to know what positions a student organization holds
[us] a note to the isis financiers  namely the house of saud and undeclared regional gulf states   you are financing the formative years of what will soon be the earth s prolapsed anus .
[us] just cause you managed to inflate other asset bubbles after the subprime mess by means of your boundless quantative easing , at the same time indebting future generations and causing the wealth inequality to rise to levels never seen before in history , doesn  t mean you  re a success from a standpoint of wealth being even close to evenly distributed .
[us] indeed , france dropped israel like a hot potato in the 60s once they stopped the algerian war and france decided to court the arabs again .
[russia] no wonder you feel good  working in russia is like vacation compared to developed countries , you are literally wasting 4083  of your work time .
[us] i have plenty of  turkish   german friends who are third generation immigrants but born and raised in germany yet they re still considered turkish and treated as outsiders in general german society .
[us] httpwww.pewglobal.org20120613chapter4ratingcountriesandinstitutions  the graph is at the very bottom of page 5 in chapter 4  it might be interesting to point out that the number of people with a favorable opinion about nato in russia is 22  .
[russia] in contrast , i do nt hold much sympathy for men who willingly solicit hookers whilst being aware of the fact that illegal prostitution is a sordid affair linked to many human rights abuses .
[russia] egypt and saudis are somewhat close , well , its really fucking hard to describe who likes who in middle east and who hates and plots against whom .
[russia] i ve expected crimea will be forever independent like abkhazia and ossetia  so russia could indefinitely troll ukraine , eu , us and at the same time to avoid more severe sanctions .
[russia] although there is no danger of being in russia territory , for most of population this conflict will result in degradation of quality of life  more taxes , more borrowings from people , sanctions may upset some people , etc.
[russia] the only reason why certain parts might become relevant is if big war was incoming , thus buffer states would be of utmost importance .
[us] somewhere in the u.s. pentagon a map of these russian proddings is being developed with an eye to what the russians now know based on each incident .
[russia] also , as a side note , i do nt really understand the desire to piss us off , i m pretty sure there are cheap and cost effective methods to ensure earths annihilation , like nuking the pole to contaminate all fresh water  and who knows what would happen when million cubic meters of ice instantly melts  or some sort of diseasesviruses being released from russian embassies in case of attack .
[russia] in this day and age , you do nt have to own or control a resource , what you need to have is something to trade with it , and that is what europe has lots of .
[us] i m fine with being downvoted here , but that s only because i think it s important to share an alternative perspective on issues .
[russia] just this time riots in ukraine caught putin with his pants down and he decided to act less carefully than in georgia  where he had years to prepare invasion  .
[us] which ... i do nt know ... i kinda like state legislatures doing the appointing better ... but that s just me and my revolutionary 21st century ways ... you should really do some research before you re corrected by a american .
[us] in usa it is quite normal for utility type companies like water for instance to be owned by a monopoly that is regulated by the government .
[us] give in an leave a region that usa and the world in general needs to be stable for the world economy to function because some fucking animals made some demands
[russia] both  better to say  all   sides of the conflict have the same equipment and weapons , that s why they look almost indistinguishable from one another .
[russia] if any region , take crimea for example , did nt satisfied with  one nation one language  politics , and wants to obtain sovereignty , why not help them hold their position
[russia] in the case of yanokuvych , he did not resign , he is not unable to exercise his authority for health reasons , and he is not dead .
[us] that s a position that can be taken advantage of significantly to manipulate things behind the scenes while maintaining a public facade , no different than corporate lobbying in my opinion .
[us] now look at north dakotas gdp per capita of   80,428 in 2013   httpwww.usgovernmentspending.comcomparestatespending2013bz0a  and compare that to lebanon with around  10,000 gdp per capita they probably have a much harder time building housing .
[russia] maybe , as a future advice , it would be great not to suck a dick of the dictator and do not turn a blind eye while he is oppressing remains of the internal opposition .
[russia] it may not be absolutely black and white but it surely looks like the countries that sided with russia after 1990 are doing poorly and countries that sided with the eu are doing well .
[us] those representing native americans were joined in kiev by the leadership of the spiritual diplomacy foundation  messrs. mikhail morgulis , frank abernathy , and mark bazalev .
[russia] at first , you  do nt exist  , then your actions are attributed to misguided youths and titushki then you are a threat , but below polling percent error  and then you win   httpsencryptedtbn2.gstatic.comimagesqtbnand9gctavpetnq0peg1o7pmmkntmolehrpy4cbvqc5qckeueuw57rahka
[russia] my opinion is irrelevant in that respect , if russia is to join eu , i would prefer we do it smart and with some kind of vision , not for the sake of it and hope for the best .
[us] httpswww.youtube.comwatchvjwqqzh59svo  i would guess that most europeans would agree just about 100  with his analysis of the united states in this speech and as  unhinged  .
[russia] borsch   httpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons554borschukrainskyj.jpg   it s a soup made of potatoes , cabbage , beet , beef  usually  , tomatoes , carrots and a bit of garlic .
[us] that s a bit unfortunate for  everyone  , because the  best  information is from such academic journals , and many people simply do nt have access to it .
[russia] the texture of pastila reminds me of dense sourdough bread , but the taste is great , like you re eating the essense of apples .
[us] forcing you to stun an animal that you have bred and fed for the express purpose of killing it for food seems a bit silly anyway .
[russia] official explanation  it s too expensive  but exactly the same reason can be used for every stadium  50b expenses were perfectly fine for winter olympic games in sochi    putin has granted rufed s citizenship to an italian   httptop.rbc.rusociety19082014943789.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodymainitemtitle  who is named as an architect of  putin s palace   if need be said italian can now be trialed in court as rufed citizen  congratulations to him
[us] yikes , steve jobs was nt perfect by any means but you have to admire his persistence and energy to build a company with more cash than the gdp of denmark .
[us] it says something about neoliberalism that powerful and successful nations like the ones in the united kingdom have to unify in order to fight big business .
[us] i would love to know how they defense their settlements constantly built and long term goal of eliminating any chance for palestine to exist at all in any form all while denying the ability for palestinians to return to their homeland .
[russia] not just absurd , but also quite hypocritical , because the west will be the first to say that the russian elections are sham  they are to a large degree  but apparently when it suits the west , now he s  democratically  elected .
[us] in fact , it is so radically different from what i have seen in my life that it s hard to imagine we re talking about the same group of people .
[russia] there were too much illegal content  like  ca nt wait for the same happening in moscow with putin  ,  shoot more maidanoids  ,  why the heck we have to feed those 2 millions crimeans
[us] the better alternative was telling georgia to take their hits and shut up until they joined nato instead of giving reasonsexcuses for russia to show off .
[russia] i do nt think they need to test reactions , they know what people want  stable wealthy life and to minimize damage from dissolution of the ussr , by retrieving russian lands with russian majority  .
[russia] also russian  peacekeepers  like to allow artillery to shoot from their positions to provoke reciprocal fire and then blame locals for starting war  with  peacekeeping  invasion to follow .
[russia] 34 of rada are required in process of  impeachment  , and that s just one step of it  12 of rada should initiate process of impeachment , then special investigation commission should be created , then 23 of rada should charge the president , then constitutional and supreme courts of ukraine should approve , and  only then  you are able to vote to impeach the president with 34 of rada .
[russia] since putin is democratically elected while agree with you on all your other points , it is a bit absurd to claim russian elections are democratic .
[russia] 1k is good in most regions of russia except of big cities but these trolls are based in moscow which is one of most expensive cities in europe .
[russia] if this is just an  inaccuracy  to covertly supply and train ukrainian armed forces , without turning off the propaganda machine , then we might have georgia 2.0 .
[russia] couple of kremlin s figures  nurgaliev and surkovdudaev  had to negotiate with abkhazians to restore status quo in which abkhazia is  independent state  and to prevent situation when russia may be accused in yet another annexation after recent crimean campaign and ongoing conflict in eastern ukraine .
[russia] putting morals aside , you can probably make more money on black market if you sell your organs as well , to help your family financially ,  but thats just fucked up on some basic level  .
[us] russia  3,280 active  11,490 total u.s. 2,104 active  7,315 total httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofstateswithnuclearweaponsstatisticsandforceconfiguration in any case , the issue at hand is nt the total , it s about who is expanding and increasing deployment of their arsenal .
[russia] i am sure it would not be happy , but the ukraine , us , eu , osce , un , and russia all agreed to them .
[russia] also he claims that he executed officers , while it s known that the person he named  vasily budik  is not an ukrainian officer , but kidnapped activist , citizen of georgia .
[us] but why are services here in ttip , its my understanding that they will be in tisa   trade in services agreement  a different  agreement   one which covers more countries  perhaps this is a trick .
[us] were it not for a snippet of a conversation on a long gone radio show that was accidentally captured when i was taping  new music  i would myself not know .
[us] it is pretty hard to blame only russian government when these attitudes are present in people that do nt even live in the country .
[russia] how about i criticise us for every little tiny downside it has and call it a nazi nation , see how much patience most americans on reddit will have with me .
[russia] to put it on simple terms , if i were to break a couple of your fingers  or your brothers fingers  , spit in your face and express what i think about you and your mom , but revisit you a couple of years later and start to wonder  why you do nt like me
[russia] do nt put every sin in that fucked up civil war on russia , we were avoiding civil deaths at least while dealing with two fucked up regimes .
[russia] you invade someone with a plan most of the time , i doubt osetians were included in those plans in any nice way possible .
[russia] i m not going to use any of these in an argument to somehow give stalin partial rehabilitation or to lessen the evils he comitted .
[russia] the law  on the principles of the state language policy  was aimed at giving russian or any other minority language the status of a  regional language   approving its use in courts , schools and other government institutions .
[russia] you re all over this thread , replying to all my posts , and yet you must be hard of eyesight  or more likely you do nt bother to read my posts  if you missed out the parts where i said that russia s actions were shit and totally unethical .
[russia] i thought i knew the man , we all thought we knew the man , but after crimea it is hard to predict him .
[russia] i ve been reading lots of books on medieval rus recently and i ca nt call the rule of kiev significantly less authoritarian than the rule of moscow  i m not taking about modern russia here , but about the grand duchy of moscow  .
[russia] as a result nobody believes in fairness of these elections , i intentionally went to vote 10 minutes before the closing to ensure nobody voted instead of me and on my dual page in a list of voters i was 6 s who voted out of 20  not sure about number , probably more than 20  who had to .
[us] ttip is frequently  moderated  as nonus as probably the person who posts the most on ftas , i am probably the person most familiar with the fact that all the larger subreddits here are not hospitable places for any posts about ftas , or public health care .
[russia] ua     httpespreso.tvnews20141004prysbuvidkryvayutharyachuliniyudlyarosiyanrodychiyakykhznyklynadonbasi   today at age of 97 died yuri lyubimov , a soviet and russian stage actor and director associated with taganka theatre which he founded in 1964 . he was one of the leading names in the russian theatre world .
[us] according to the royal college of surgeons of england , there s almost never any medical indication for foreskin destruction surgery until after the age of 5   ref   httpwww.rcseng.ac.ukpublicationsdocsmalecircumcision.html   .
[russia] here is the timeline  plane got shot down , it falls on the ground and start to burnrelease smoke , dude with a phone  or whatever he is filming with  starts filming a smoke and a conversation of bystanders .
[russia] what some prorussian posters fail to understand , and i say this with no arrogance but as diplomatically as possible , is that these sanctions are not going away .
[russia] people are not meat to trade and be split away in areas of influence , not in this region and not anymore at least .
[us] the utter failure of the russian population to exercise and scrutiny of their government , given the history of their state and government , their total immersion in the shameless propaganda of the putin government , and their willingness to send their sons to war while not giving a damn when they return in caskets is an enormous moral failing of the whole of the russian nation .
[us] isds is not intended as a last resort should all other legal routes fail  it is explicitly designed to take place outside the normal legal systems .
[russia] i told you why  because the eu are setting the sanctions and they have stated repeatedly that they will lift them if russia accedes .
[russia] of course ancient history is about kiev and then vladimir , and after the mongol invasion there are brief descriptions of galicia and novgorod , but the latter is mentioned more only because alexander nevsky ruled there .
[russia] vietnam was gaining independence from the french and falling into communist hands and indochina was slipping out of western control and thus changing sides in the cold war .
[russia] httpukrainehumanrights.orgencinformationsmurder they disagreed with the coup of the maidan , and made their own , if the maidan is legitimate they are as well .
[russia] i hear complaints that the resources are being drained to feed moscow of course , but that s what they said in the ussr too and then when it broke apart it turned out that russia was spending more on its republics than it got from them , which is what partially caused the russian gdp to rise above their soviet levels whereas all the other nonbaltic republics  and not counting belarus  slumped back to levels of gdp lower than sovietera ones .
[us] again , it is fine to give a political justification , but when things start spinning out of control for everyone , nobody will be left to worry about it .
[russia] several things happened  1  strelkov  co. left sloviansk on july 5 , moved his forces closer to the border , and started offensive close to border .
[russia] according to your officials we are invading any other day , supply  rebels  with nothing short of ballistic missiles , have you even read your avakov dude feed
[us] people who have never dealt with compulsively dishonest people or organizations do nt have a clue about these kinds of people , they are lucky .
[russia] well it is an old news so to speak , i am too lazy to dig up livejournal articles , articles in russian media  popular internet sites etc.
[russia] ok , then i ll quote some random guy i just met in my office first page from your own link   putin  kiev authorities are junta if they use force against civilians  .
[russia] all of this is true for  ukraine  as well , their lives are getting a bit worse by the day due to hryvna problems , trade with russia , war and others .
[russia] now i m getting into the realm of fantasy , but  easing  visa restrictions simultaneously with implementing sanctions against the political elite would show even tvfed russians that the sanctions are not against them .
[russia] but as much as you can bury your head in sand , the concept of buffer states wo nt go away , it is a reality of geopolitics .
[russia] i ca nt afford to rent a place and do monthly payments at the same time so i m back in my tiny room at my parents  place .
[us] it appears that almost nobody who is involved in this has ever dealt with the kinds of people that do these kinds of things , because they are making all sorts of unfortunately far too trusting assumptions and not watching out for these kinds of deceptions .
[us] we do nt have the same problem in the us , because the country is so spread out and the roma are so relatively small here .
[russia] according to  wikipedia article about udmurt alphabet   httpru.wikipedia.orgwiki.d0.a1.d0.be.d0.b2.d1.80.d0.b5.d0.bc.d0.b5.d0.bd.d0.bd.d1.8b.d0.b9.d0.b0.d0.bb.d1.84.d0.b0.d0.b2.d0.b8.d1.82  , right pronunciation is more like  tshozhnyr  , where  tsh     is a single consonant like russian  ch     , only harder  o    is a unique vowel used only in udmurt language , it s similar to  english    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiopenmidbackunroundedvowel   rest contains only russian sounds .
[us] you have had a reddit account for two months , during which you have racked up a grand total of ... minus 58 karma points .
[us] however , in the past five years living in europe , europeans have attempted time and time and time again  to me  to give convoluted answers to this complaint .
[russia] the undervaluing of labor power in the third world also plays into it  the average ratio of wages between first and third world is roughly 111  .
[russia] i ve been looking to move to scandinaviafinland and i was told that it s really hard to find a job in finland if you do nt speak finnish .
[russia] it did not stand for this ever since its creation , once again , i have to remind people of the monroe doctrine and the american perception that the entire north and south americas are basically their backyard and nobody is allowed in with their toys .
[us] otherwise , agriculture could not continue , people could not afford food , and eventually , it might even become impossible to live in a large chunk of the country .
[us] if they do nt want to have it in their budget , then leave nato , but do nt sit in nato and also complain about military spending .
[russia] there are only 4 systems to book airplane tickets in the world  all sites and travel agencies work through them  , none of them consider creation of local servers afaik .
[russia] however , it would be a great mistake to think that falling of the popularity of putin means simultaneous improving of the image of the west .
[russia] even now , there is talk about the sanctions being lifted next month if russia can be seen to be facilitating a peaceful resolution to events .
[russia] well , of course , us wo nt  bankrupt  , that s not how the us gov  t works , but it will be quite amusing nonetheless p
[us] i m not sure which big take out place you went to , but i confess to being a food snob when it comes to chain restaurants , i just do nt eat at them .
[russia] hostility toward nonlocals may be presented in provinces but in moscow , spb , sochi  where i live  nearly everyone is either migrant or a child of migrants so the only hostility i ve seen was between nationalities .
[russia] government which will grant independence to chechnya will be wise and i m sure they ll build enough defenses to protect the rest of the empire .
[russia] while you can argue that the referendum was nt legal , you will have difficulties to convince anyone that its results did nt resemble moods of the locals .
[russia] this is somewhat of a  pol stuff , when people on imgboards made fun of poles and their martyr syndrom , similar to how a lot of eastern europeans hated russia even before ukraine ordeal .
[russia] top comment  whataboutism  maybe it does nt look like this taken out of context , but remembering other comments by that user , i m pretty sure it was their intention  .
[russia] as for the  united  comment i think it s fairly obvious that the nation is in fact not united , but is fragmented in civil war .
[russia] i do nt believe you need to be forgotten in order to start a new life it will make thing easier for them since the public will not have access .
[us] i had meant to say that more people are votingleaning democrat  far more liberal  than republicans , but it seems those statistics are old ...
[russia] when the town was liberated his church provided free dinners for locals , then organized reconstruction works in sloviansk , humanitarian aid and evacuations from other cities .
[us] germany is a close ally and has done everything possible to make amends for horrible actions that were committed by people that are all dead .
[us] we ve already watched what i ve described happen to all of south europe , why would it be any different with france in coming years
[russia] mind you , i deeply loathe stalin and i am far from a soviet apologist , but this sub is really onesided , especially for someone like me coming from a history background in the uni  an american one , too  .
[us] and in the same spirit of what you re saying , there should definitely be responsible money caps on campaign donations so shit does nt get ridiculous .
[russia] example  my grandfather fought for stalin , his father  for hitler , the former was forced to go through traumatizing  loyalty test  by communists  execute  collaborationist  russian woman , he never recovered fully .
[us] i know it s going to sound like sour grapes but how the hell does a city like  chicago   httpideasinspiringinnovation.files.wordpress.com200911chicagolincolnpark9.jpg  score 20 places lower than zurich
[us] i can see the st. mary s and alexander nevsky cathedrals in the background , but what is the white church with the very steep steeple in the foreground
[us] when france did nt want to go to iraq they were vilified in the us  every time the us wants to go into a country to bring em some democracy they want it to be an alliance  they want to spread the responsibility  sure the us needs europe as a customer , but they also want europe as an ally to stand together against future economic and military challenges to their spheres of influence from bric countries oh do nt get me wrong  i m not saying we can stand alone politically .
[russia] some genius allowed festival with 27000 spectators in the forest   for the first time in history  computer software  ai  has passed turing test   httptop.rbc.rusociety09062014929457.shtml   33  of people decided they are talking to human  30   test passed  .
[russia] i am not trying to defend russian side , it did plenty of things it should be blamed for  see the aforementioned report  , but georgian side was far from clean .
[us] it has more or less ignored the plight of the other large economies in the ez , and instead ignorantly suggested that the german model  which is a good one , no doubt  can be adopted by other countries .
[russia] you first  assume  that there are  facts the west does nt like to admit  and then go to kremlin disinformation sources and fringe media otlets that capitalize on  people like you   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiusefulidiot
[russia] lastly , you do realize that the leader who would let ukraine join nato would be a national traitor in the eyes of the russians , right
[russia] especially calling holodomor a myth is a nice coverage of current events but it is a myth , at least the way ukrainian nationalists try to present it .
[russia] 93  ratings are surely propaganda  in fact almost everything here is government s propaganda including  information  published by seemingly liberal media  such as  echo of moscow  radio station  .
[russia] eu countries feel safe behind nato and putin wo nt touch nato , so while ukraine is regrettable , nobody feels like making true sacrifices to save it .
[russia] but those like conchita , are not gays , but more of an attention whores , and the whole hype about them seems very synthetic for me .
[russia] and obviously you did nt wanted money and gas subsidies for sevastopol and russian fleet there , but now you can sleep happily without them .
[russia] ... cold war era regime ... scared to talk to your neighbor you are confusing the stalin era  direct persecution of opposition  with the cold war era  absence of free speech in public  .
[russia] i d be more excited about ukraine coming closer to the eu if i did nt know what terrible leadership we have there , yanukovich will never move ukraine forward , it s just against his every principle .
[russia] i ve hear that ferguson is just lovely this time of year , and when you get tired of that there s always the mississippi river delta .
[us] i do nt even know how psychotic a government needs to be to where it brags about how dangerous it is as a way to be respected by the world community .
[russia] i agree that doing any sweeping changes right now is a bad idea , that s basic change management theory , but it is also wrong to say you ve managed to survive for 23 years .
[us] poland purchased f16s with the sole purpose of later obtaining jassm , because this kind of capability does nt exist in europe right now and they want it for deterrence purposes .
[us] a europe incapable of agreeing on a common foreign policy or integrating militarily , one who ca nt implement a proper currency union with the proper underlying fiscal union nor one capable of even deciding if it want s to be a supranational entity or a intergovernmental organization .
[us] i m just giving an example of how a 45 minute wait was so unacceptable that they felt the need to comp our meal .
[russia] they are using this and similar actions to illustrate how  hypocritical west is trying to prevent russia from protecting it s people and interests  .
[us] the influence of the french revolution is incredibly complicated and quite a few historians have made the argument , that the entire 19th century lived in the shadow of the revolution .
[russia] unfortunately human history indicates that as a species we are not that good at negotiating or understanding the other side , we rather prefer  submit to my point of view or fuck you  style of approach .
[us] please watch  this video of testimony before the australian senate on 30 october 2014   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvrgqo2tsjqky  which would have been two or three days ago for you , depending on when you read this . . , especially the list of cases senator richard di natale discusses at approximately 1700  he explains that the isds provisions stuck into these trade deals ,  isds  will have effects which in his words  nobody wants  he s questioning the wisdom of this scheme .
[us] well , i confess that in brighton beach , brooklyn , some of them do drive like aholes and go the wrong way down a one way street and honk at me to move .
[us] i think the ftas embed a covert ideologically extreme position which they try to conceal , which threatens democracy , and the whole planet s future .
[russia] almost forgot  moscow has  lost its grip on quasistate of abkhazia   httptop.rbc.rupolitics01062014927600.shtml  , locals revolted and now demand to join russia because they do nt want to be a pawn in kremlin s  cat vs mouse  game with georgia anymore .
[us] i was just trying to bring in what i felt was a rational discussion to what is usually a heated and quickly devolving debate .
[us] i m reading a book about wwi , and the french ambassador to the uk had every single word translated to him , even yes and no .
[russia] russian government was nt democratically elected and does not rely on population in anything so their policies does not reflect interests and opinions of the population .
[us] do you guys ever let stuff go or will you be talking about battles and wars that happened between your countries until the end of time
[us] there are countries where people in poverty are starving and have no access to water and then you have americans moving away from these things by leaving their towns to move into areas that ca nt survive without massive irrigation infrastructure and still want bullshit like perfectly manicured lawns in the middle of a desert .
[russia] i could have sworn i saw gas initially in your post , but maybe i am going crazy   nonetheless , estonia does not hold the same weight that germany , france and others do , realpolitik so to speak .
[us] i think if they d ever somehow spread to north america you would just put them behind bars after an  legally  unfair trial and few people would complain about it .
[us] if your export manifests begin to thin , please germany , do nt have the poles bear the brunt of your anger on a whim ...
[russia] russia really could use a better image right now or something positivenot hostile coming from russian government would be a nice change of pace .
[russia] it looks like country is preparing for a war with the western hemisphere   founder of vkontakte social network told journalists  he had rejected demands of fsb   httptop.rbc.rupolitics17042014918521.shtml  to pass them information about users in maidan communities  note  for me it s a miracle people use russian social networks and mail services , usually fsb does nt have any problems accessing data and handing it out to third parties  including extremists organizations    government is accepting new law which require bloggers with 3k  daily visitors to publish their real names  twitter users included  ,  yandex is shutting down its blog rating system   httptop.rbc.rupolitics18042014919106.shtml  to prevent its abuse by the government   ukrainian businessman offered  10k per each armed  russian spy  caught by folks , ukrainians  detained 8 armed people on the next day   httpkvedomosti.com6339vdoneckoyoblastivosemdiversantovzaderzhanopripodderzhkemestnogonaseleniyakotoroepoluchitvoznagrazhdenie.html  .
[us] when you turn into a hollowedout force , other countries are not going to be too impressed with whatever you rattle back at them .
[russia] all i am giving is a perspective which quite a number of russian might share , know your enemy and all that stuff , its useful , trust me  maybe someday romanians will learn concepts of international relations , different opinions , various worldviews , art of diplomacyrealpolitik and a bit of logic with a simple chain of cause   consequence .
[russia] i will not dispute the fact that  humanitarian convoy  is quite possibly being used as a front for supplies and whatnot , but this has nothing to do with this so called  journalism  .
[russia] the recent outbreaks of xenophobia you might be alluding to are caused by the influx immigrants from central asiacaucasus region , and are usually fueled by ethnic nationalism and not religious bigotry .
[russia] it would be basically a  betrayal of principles of euromaidan  in their eyes or  what were our boys and girls were dieing for and protesting for
[russia] you ca nt have half of your gdp dependent on russia and at the same time act like your economical decisions do nt affect russia .
[us] imagine usa having 450500 million tourists in a year most of our tourists are other americans , one of the benefits to living in a really big country .
[us] our largest trauma center is about to go bankrupt , largely because the governor refuses to use federal money to expand medicaid per the affordable care act .
[russia] there is nothing directly antisemitic in the program of  svoboda  , nothing directly xenophobic either , although there are indirect xenophobic elements in this program .
[russia] this is the reason russian army was heavily criticized , our soldiers were not used to those new levels of brutality and often retaliated disproportionally .
[russia] kazaki is historical nationalistic bullshit , do nt let rosy statesanctioned view of history cloud your sense , i am a history major , i can bring up many examples of why it is fallacious .
[russia] their differences in views are kinda cosmetic and they are united by the hatred to the west , individualism ,  human rights  , economic liberalism and so on .
[russia] georgian soil is georgian soil because they inherited it from the georgian ssr yep , and to hell with ossetins who were part of russian empire since xvii century and do not what to be part of georgia .
[us] supplement that with a class system imposed by impossibly expensive higher education and a tax structure and political system designed by and built for the already rich .
[russia] update  kremlin refused to talk with ukraine over situation in crimea as it s   inner ukrainian situation   httplenta.runews20140228note   and russian military in crimea is just protecting itself .
[russia] but there will be such a struggle for peace , that there will not be left one stone upon another that will not be thrown down  .
[us] i do nt know exactly what the process of election by the various parties you ve listed entails , but having the judiciary selected by other branches of the government is fairly normal , and does not automatically disqualify the judiciary from being independent .
[us] he pretends to be a liberal with huge pr efforts to turn largely superficial acts into unquestioning narrow , media coverage , and then behind closed doors he works to push a right wing neoliberal agenda that almost no americans are aware of and which most of us would disagree with .
[russia] if you implement even harsher ones , well it might be not as their architects imagined they would work  there is an allegedly bismark quote in runet  probably a city legend type of thing though   never fight against russians .
[russia] at first it would be blamed on sanctionswestinsert excuse here , then when excuses will no longer workfly with population government will crackdown heavily on any dissent  whats going on right now is pretty much nothing compared to things to come lets say 45 years from now on  .
[russia] i guess that s horeca ensuring they have enough cheese to stick to their existing menu until they can adapt to the lack of parmesan and brie .
[russia] 6  manpupunyor rock formations   httpwww.360cities.netimagetrusovmanpupunyor1frommap,60.75916,62.05078,3320.30,0.00,70.0  , located in the largest virgin forest in europe  i have no idea how these stone penises got voted in .
[russia] given your flair , i can understand your perspective , lithuania and the rest of the baltic states got the shite end of the stick from ussr .
[us] factor in the naval presence in the mediterranean  the sixth fleet  up to 40 ships , 175 aircraft and 21,000 people  and various other groups in the north atlantic under united states european command  useucom  and you have a fairly capable force that s right next to russia .
[russia] if its only the police that have the files on the guy this is not a problem ... you should wach the documentary  hiltler children   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett2359085  710 on imbdv its a look into the lives of the descendants of the top nazi officials who worked under hitler s command .
[us] this forces voters to decide between giving their vote to the party that aligns closest to their own views , or the vote they think will ultimately do the most good .
[russia] if only you guys knew how mistral deal was critisized in runet a while ago during serdyukov era  its funny to see how the  other side  is flaming it right now
[russia] my point is that problem with trust to binaries is solvable , moreover , it s practically solvable , and there is work in this direction .
[us] if you break the laws and then defy law enforcement for long enough , it s a known fact that sooner or later you will be dealt with using some level of force .
[us] or maybe germany might say fuck that , continue to consolidate the industrial capital of the eurozone within germany , weaken the other eurozone countries   specifically france  the south   so they ca nt compete with german industry  then move to open the huge russian resource markets which germany will be the only one properly positioned to take advantage of   even if it conflicts with the interests  security situation of eastern european or scandinavian eu memberstates   to offset any slowdown in growth while taking full advantage of free movement laws to attract immigrants .
[us] i mean , i obviously do nt want any harm coming to any germans , but i do nt blame german government for their actions .
[russia] i also wonder , why is that russian intelligenceindustrial groups are not actively engaged in industrial espionage against technological leaders such as germany , france , netherlands , united states , israel and others .
[russia] banking system on decline , no cheap loans   less food , banking system crashed , no loans   no food at all , because farmer said  fuck it  and went home .
[us] there is also statistics from arrest records that pretty much prove they are racist as well either on purpose or through internal bias and the department is almost completely uniform white in a majority black town .
[russia] i would say that there are still plenty of talented russian programmers , who work and live in russia , but yes , brain drain is an old problem as well and there is little being done about it .
[russia] in russia i need entry visa  which can not be obtained within the country  legally , illegally it cost  1k with  overnight delivery   but it may become even more problematic because it will be obvious i could nt get it legally  .
[russia] that s my horrible russian herritage acting up up , people of civilized eu will not do that lel kinda funny , how i never say anything bad about northern europe , maybe that s because they do not insult my country every time they can .
[russia] thus some people in russia believe kremlin government is occupant  up to ideas like  putin  co did that hitler wanted   note  many features of modern russian state are the same as hitler planned for slavic states  like paid education  .
[russia] where is the animosity and tension there , everything is quietly being swept under the rug  its like saying that ukrainians will  let gogrant autonomy of donbasslugansk  , not gon na happen , war will continue in the spring , sanctions would probably stay until next springlate summer  at least   and even if they would be lifted for a brief period of time , they would return really fast and in a more severe way , regardless of who s fault would it be  .
[russia] do nt know where they got that goddamn shit , but suspicion is pointing towards russia considering that they have nt used them before , so it could nt have been something they got a while ago from the army storehouses probably .
[russia] in this case , you re being used by fringe media outlets which have  the monopoly on things the western media will not tell you   even if they have to make them up at times , and even if the western media is incredibly diverse and covers a wide spectrum  .
[russia] not without a reason of course , together with bringing order to the economy and general life of most people he still could nt really tackle corruption , reduced the political freedoms and brought media under the government control .
[us] it does nt make sex painful , it does nt make masturbation less enjoyable , and it does not make a difference in one s life .
[russia] perhaps i misunderstood you overall , mainly because there are quite a number of people here who advocate for eu to cut off gas transit from russia , in that case i apologize .
[russia] overall , a precautionary measure against future appearance of  polite green men and their supporters  , although i doubt that anyone will buy any of this shit anymore , but you can never be too safe i guess  not bad from political standpoint either .
[us] economics is nt an exact science by any means , and while there is general consensus on a wide range of topics , the general public likes to jump in and claim they are just as qualified to give their opinions .
[us] if your claim is that these issues are of anything other than huge significance then you re not reading the literature in the subject because the consensus in all the objective literature is that the gats and that the lack of a broad and explicit horizontal public services carve out  which needs to be explicit , is a huge global concern .
[us] all the government would have to do is demonize said industry before hand , and the masses of  reurope would celebrate the fact that their government fucked over some nasty foreign entity .
[us] there are urgent , but quite littleknown risk of a  solar storm   like one which occurred in 1859 , the  carrington event   causing massive destruction of the global power grid and a loss of the ability to cool the spent fuel pools . . httpswww.nirs.orgreactorwatchnatureandnukespetrulemaking262011.pdf that lack of cooling ability ,   loss of the ultimate heat sink   it is called ,  could lead to multiple nuclear meltdowns all around the world at the same time  . . we just missed one of these massive solar storms in july 2012 .
[russia] moreover , while the s  weed  en jerk is nt as loud anymore , reddit still acts like sweden can do nothing wrong and everything right .
[russia] if she s continually changing sexual partners there must be something wrong either with herhis emotions  she s unable to forge a lasting connection with another person or uses sex to treat emotional distress , like people with bulimia use food  or herhis sex drive .
[russia] in regards to spain , greek problem basically what you are saying that things will get better in time , i look at timeline of 5 years and things only get worse , but whatever , let s pretend that they can someday pay their debt or magically create several million jobs without creating even more bubbles or debt .
[us] so far there has nt been any internal pressure to change it , and no external threat has been able to come in and install their own form of government .
[us] the european commission found that ireland was providing state aid to apple and it  has doubts  about the compatibility of that aid with the internal market .
[russia] i am not a putin supporter btw , but i do wonder what good even more escalation will bring and at which point both sides would calm the fuck down .
[us] the health law says that , once you join a qualified plan , you wo nt pay more out of pocket per year than  6,350 for an individual and  12,700 for a family .
[russia] chechnya is being paid for staying in russia dejure and considering possible sanctions against russia they can become independent very soon  as soon as kremlin wo nt have spare money to purchase their  loyalty  .
[us] the fact that some europeans misrepresent it to fit their own needs does nt alter the way the flag is perceived in the land where it s actually relevant .
[us] it is the individuals responsibility to make sure extremists do nt gain power , not the government deciding what is and is nt  hate .
[us] there is no one way to cast judgement on the entire us as there are 50 different states with each having their own independent university system , price points and methods of supplying scholarships and grants .
[us] fitch warns that europe could be facing a  doom loop     httpwww.businessinsider.com.aufitchwarnsofeuropedoomloop20149   if you were nt already convinced about what a nightmare deflation would be for the eurozone , credit ratings agency fitch has a grim report out , showing the sort of issues the struggling bloc could be hit by .
[us] plus your own country might not have the same number of wars started , but it sure hell wins in body count for the wars  it did start  .
[us] it also makes me want to run to the nearest toilet and vomit when i find out that people outside of the us listen to our hip hop and pop music .
[russia] well , in sloviansk after 2 month of war even some old ladies were able distinguish bmp from nona , while for these reporters every armored caterpillars vehicle still is a  tank  .
[us] it is pretty hard to criticize attacking isis for instance or humanitarian efforts that are possible with the powers of a carrier group like during the fukushima disaster .
[russia] 2  no other minority wishes to  actually i m far from sure even most chechens let alone ingushetians do , but let s assume otherwise for now  .
[russia] 2 millions georgians living in russian federation did nt go anywhere  perhaps they might help you to heal the wound in your heart left by georgia s territory departure from ussrcis .
[russia] here s the footage of the ukranian government controlled su25 firing the rockets that killed those in the video and several others , all civilians .
[russia] please give an evaluation on  peace of our time  and the stance that france and britain took towards soviet union proposition to form an alliance against nazi germany .
[us] it quietly forces privatization on europe and the us against their will , covertly by including the truly horrible  90s era wto gats fta   httppolicyalternatives.capublicationsreportsfacingfacts  by reference  which  tries to conceal by calculated ambiguity   httpswww.princeton.edujpiapastissues120068.pdf  , endorsement of an  endpoint of near total privatization of public services   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm  , a radical privatization of services , as its goal , including  health care   httpwww.policyalternatives.casitesdefaultfilesuploadspublicationsnationalofficepubsputtinghealthfirst.pdf  and education , despite the fact that very few people would choose that outcome if they knew this .
[russia] that is why kremlin is so furious about political deals of exussr states with eu  because once the integration process will be started for them it ll be much easier to integrate into eu completely rather than return back to rufed which inherited 100 years old structuredesign of ussr state  which was a remake of serfdombased tsarist russian empire  .
[us] there is nt any statute of limitations for these crimes against humanity , so even after twenty or thirty , or even fifty or sixty or more years have passed , its important that they be put on trial .
[us] if i recall correctly  and there s a good chance i do nt  bandera was already imprisoned by the nazi s at the time of the massacre .
[us] the european commission , however , admits in its own impact assessment that the effect of the job losses from ttip will be  prolonged and substantial  .
[russia] are you saying is that there is no proboganda by russian media first , what is so freaking hard in the word  examples  to understand
[us] the first country to suffer decent sized chunks of it being turned into radioactive wastelands is going to be ukraine , the first people to suffer atomic incineration  the slow death of radiation poisoning is going to be ukrainians , and they might be the only ones if deescalation happens afterwards   we are talking about nuclear warfare here guys , so it s not just individual countries at risk , it s the entire world   , making any potential war not that beneficial for anybody involved .
[us] on any issue other than the economy , conservative views tend to be backwards , stale and uneducated , prone to nationalist and religious bias or rejection of scientific facts .
[russia] for all the talk of their  miracles  and  developments  none of them reached anything close to south korea , japan or any other asian tigers , so blaming russia for every single misfortune is only natural for them , because russia is no saint either and has done plenty of shit in the past , but they simply  can not let it go  .
[russia] in chechnya , if your familyclan becomes an opposition to kadyrov then men have a good chance to go directly to heaven , and girls ... we all know .
[us] but it is unlikely that russia would attack sweden without nato coming to your aid , so more realistically , all that would happen and then you would wait a few weeks or months until the u.s. and the uk could liberate you with those militaries that your people so regularly condemn .
[us] you should read this paper    the potential impact of the world trade organization s general agreement on trade in services on health system reform and regulation in the united states   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf   also , obviously you do nt frequent the us subreddits because the minute you made a statement like you just did making the argument that government is responsible for health care quality in any way , the hordes of fake libertarian sock puppets who plague any public , unaccess controlled us online discussion of health care would attack you making statements like this   what does health care have to do with government  thats what you all have to look forward to .
[us] the trade deals are a new legal regimen that supersedes the national laws , including the us constitution , in economic matters , which is basically almost everything , the way they frame it .
[russia] crimean soldiers were already in crimea , and they simply made sure that ukraine wo nt force it s will on crimeans  again   it never stops to amuse me how the west was totally ok when in nineties ukraine stripped all the autonomy of crimea , ignored crimean referendums and landgrabbed sevastopol which never was ukrainian  .
[us] i mean , for me , the divinely inspired bit does nt apply to me being an atheist , but the founding fathers were some pretty cool dudes .
[russia] if you are scared of full scale invasion , simply imagine the amount of troops required for this , concentration of armor and jets  required informational  background  for population .
[us] just pointing it out  it s hard to make a case for shoveling more money towards veterans  healthcare when we just had a massive scandal about the va hospitals being cesspits of corruption and providing shitty care to boot .
[us] they are supposed to help the german team , but they too are reluctant to challenge the guard , so they remain in the car .
[us] i mean granted hungary really paid a price for losing , but to frame it like there was a good side and a bad side just seems absurd to me .
[russia] as it turns out criminal oligarchy with complete disregard for freedom of speech , human rights and other  useless shit  is not that popular in the world .
[us] there was one in july 2012 which caused a massive solar flare ,  recorded by one of the two satellites we have  one at each lagrange point  to observe the sun  had it hit earth it likely would have destroyed large parts of the global power grid  quite possibly leading to  many fukushimas  all at the same time .
[us] if you look at maps in the usa of targets by ussrrussia you would see that most of the nukes are nt even aimed at cities .
[russia] we are too scared to say anything otherwise about tibet , dalai lama dude and so on just like west stays quiet about the matter
[russia] it s actually very easy part  it happens because rufed is not a country but an empire which consist of multiple semiindependent states  colonies  without direct bureaucratic communications with each other and very poor informational infrastructure .
[russia] just for educational purposes   us provided less than 20  of the planes , even fewer tanks , a shitload of trucks , canned food , aluminum , some clothing .
[russia] all those ethnic minorities , including all the finnougric nations of russia are disappearing or being russificated very fast could you provide a source on that
[us] i just view it as there is plenty of blame to go around and if the island was flooded with americans and cash there is no way the government could keep the people in a communist government .
[russia] i was on territory of abkhazia then ussr had fallen apart , war ensued few months later , and since then russians  tell me and survived members of my family to fuck off   httpwww.reddit.comreuropecomments20q4borussianforcesstormmilitarybaseincrimeacg5wegs  because we do nt have proper set of papers to receive russian citizenship .
[us] radical islam did not become an ideology until the late 50s , and was nt really practiced in any significant way until the 70s .
[us] you know ... many germans usually complain   quite rightly   about people constantly shoving the war in their face  calling them nazis ... but here you are ... implying that within every german there s a nazi screaming get out ...
[us] it is much easier to pull off politically because the political divide across the entire nation is nt as bad as the divide that exists across nation states .
[russia] my point is that russian politics have nothing to do with an ethnic division , no matter what they say to an average citizen .
[us] because breivik is one lone case and does nt have millions of people rallying behind him , nor is he getting billions funded to him by backwards authoritarian states .
[russia] i heard our american friends are experiencing a bit of a culture shock due to the shaky employment market and skyhigh rent that do not enable them to move out from their parents  houses .
[russia] you ate the chocolate  was nt me  you still have chocolate on your lips   wipes mouth  was nt me  you have chocolate on your hands , it was you   wipes hands on pants  no , i have nt seen anything
[russia] russia is an asian country  , which  was removed later   httptop.rbc.rupolitics11042014917416.shtml    total cost of crimean  noninvasion  for the market was   180,000,000,000   httptop.rbc.rueconomics09042014916616.shtml   approximately 8  of gdp    33,5 bil in direct expenses of central bank to hold falling rouble  stocks lost  145 billions in value already  in russiannylondon exchanges  .
[russia] you just miss one simple detail  kremlin is agree to kill economy and turn the country into north korea  i believe borders will be closed  internet will be cut off before spring  default will happen very soon afterwards  .
[russia] anyway i do nt trust any reports which imply 100k  strong  abkhazian micronation  half of which has fled to russia almost immediately  could win a war against 2 millions georgians without direct involvement of russian army .
[us] the  fiction  is that ukraine is run by nazis , ukraine shot down mh17 , that russian troops were never in crimea , that the russian troops in eastern ukraine are volunteers , etc.
[us] but in the us cars are very cheap , gas is very cheap , quality of life is high since food is cheap , maintaining your home is cheap and diy is very popular , etc.
[us] do not think it will be well thought out , that there will be some political or military justification that can be observed or reflected upon .
[us] yeah , good luck with getting poland and albania back ,  or lmao , a part of germany , in your dreams putin  , when you ca nt even get back your ukrainian brothers .
[russia] as a russia s citizen i do not care much about that , coz westerners  en masse  are too sissy to be afraid of them .
[us] you wo nt get any statements from our government on the weekend , but i do have to wonder why the security of ukraine is uniquely the responsiblility of the united states .
[russia] say  hello  to virtually unlimited weapon and volunteers supply    government is going to deliberalise business laws   httptop.rbc.rueconomics08082014941829.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1  and bankruptcies will be treated like fraud , independent business is being turned into enemy of the state  again  note  approximately 50  of newly opened restaurants go bankrupt during first year , prosecutors will have a lot of  work  to neutralize really dangerous  criminals      driver who killed 18 people and traumatized 60 more is sentenced to 6 years in prison   httpwww.kommersant.rudoc2538808  , if he will be freed after half of this term for good behavior it ll mean 1 killed russian citizen  worth  2 months of jail time .
[russia] i bet kremlin wantsprefer to see crimeans fleeing to other regions due to lack of water , electricity , food , money  rather than spending more billions onto their support .
[russia] i m not going to claim that i have actually met people from all of the siberian ethnic groups , but i do have some buryat , yakutian and one  half  altaj acquaintances and from my experience their attitudes towards russia overlap with those of ethnic russians .
[russia] i wanted to show that ukraine is much more complex than west vs. southeast and that most imperialist or nationalist infographics posted here are wrong .
[russia] yeah , all  neoliberals  in russia constantly whine about   oh it s time to leave the fckn rashka   but there is one problem  no one wants uneducated people with no skills .
[us] moreover , since the eu is , in most respects , an incredibly weak institution  no unified fiscal , foreign , or immigration policy , no central government that acts as the supreme law of the land , no formal transfer payment system  the eu would break down as an effective organization , with the nationstates bickering amongst themselves in an effort to  preserve their sovereignty  .
[us] and , unlike japan , which has a homogenous , stoic society , the euro area can not hang together through years of economic sclerosis and falling prices .
[us] nbsp  basically circumcision makes it so that a boy dose nt have to clean his penis , and it makes it so later complications with circumcision are nt possible .
[us] three senior house republican leaders wrote to president obama two weeks ago warning that moscow will deploy nuclear missiles and bombers armed with longrange air launched cruise missiles into occupied ukrainian territory .
[us] essentially there is nothing in writing stopping them from canceling all government and it becoming one china one system with hk under mainland communism after over a century of independence .
[us] it makes you wonder what could have been if russia had decided to integrate more fully and to rely on all of the brilliant people that country has produced in engineering , science , math , and the arts .
[us] the outgoing european commissioner for youth and education , androulla vassiliou , recently stated that the skills shortage will damage  the aspirations of europe s young people and , ultimately , our future prosperity .  so far , however , they have chosen the wrong means for addressing it .
[us] i think the point though is that you would nt need to spend your entire week at work to get that extra 240 euros .
[us] with capital investment at an all time low across the eu , the aim will turn to making labour more productive  i.e , more production with less workers .
[us] so yes , spending a billion dollars may increase the debt , but if that billion stimulates the economy by a greater ratio than 11  which is common , most public spending projects have a greater than one ratio  , you actually reduce your total debt to gdp ratio .
[russia] the proukranian  militia  is the armed brute squad of right sector and the rest of the nazi groups which participated in the armed overthrow of ukraine s government .
[us] httpwww.cdc.govhivpreventionresearchmalecircumcision  sorry dude , thats some pretty shortsighted , obviously bias attitude you got there  one could argue that attitude originates in some kind of trauma , any idea what that could be
[us] north korea really wants your legitimate currency so they ll treat you very nicely  relative to the conditions  as long as you follow the rules .
[russia] thus russia is destined to fail in one way or another , as russia will grow weaker , geopolitical situation inside and outside of russia will dictate significant changes in russian sphere of influence so to speak .
[us] some committee members felt that the wording of the motion being presented would unfairly demonise all muslims rather than solely the group of people it set out to rightfully condemn .
[us] people should realize the document they released refers to gats , and gats and the parts they reference  are really quite bad   httppolicyalternatives.capublicationsreportsfacingfacts  for the public interest .
[russia] guy was fired 9 years ago , probably left a sour taste in his mouth , now his job is to spew all kinds of bullshit for his employers and if you can combine pleasure with work  all the better .
[us] i got ta say , you guys are just on a fuckin  run , here , i m not sure if these are all just pat answers but damn , my sides hurt from laughing .
[us] unfortunately the current uk government is just as neoliberal as the obama , bush and clinton administrations arewere . . which means their goal is the ideological victory over the efforts to reduce inequality which flourished in the 20th century , replacing them with a set of documents that make it clear in no uncertain terms that ever increasing inequality is great , and desirable , and that efforts to reduce it are  trade distorting  or  market barriers  or  monopolies  or dozens of additional new frames which are so odious that they must go to great lengths to hide them , for now , from the public . .
[russia] the journalist was killed in the provocation staged by separatists , read  the article in russian forbes   httpwww.forbes.rusobytiyaobshchestvo261363pozyvnoigyurzaktopodstavilzhurnalistovpodpulivdonetske  of another russian journalist who was there during the clash  in russian  .
[russia] most agencies are shipping 747loads of tourists to turkey , egypt and thailand , so a charter flight is your only hope of getting there .
[russia] i really do nt fucking get it , this is not that hard to calculate and if you are committing some actions , you should be able to include consequences into equation and what needs to be done to nullify the effect of those consequences without major economical damage to your country .
[us] unless you were referring to our allies in the region isreal  we pay them too  , turkey  we pay them  , uae  we pay them  , kuwait  we pay them  , pakistan  we pay them but they do nt like us much since we ignored their sovereignty and frequently bombed their people during the afghan war  .
[russia] the westernbacked shock therapy was a load of hooey , ussr would have been better off following deng xiapoing s more methodical , more gradual and less politically liberal set of reforms .
[russia] there is nothing of interest for russia in europe that we can not already buy or have and we  do  have other sources to buy equipment , cars and agricultural stuff .
[us] also healthcare and education investment in germany is decent , but as the article implies all levels of government spending or investment  could be higher  .
[russia] transportation  a bus or train ticket   10200   wages  ok let it will be as high as  1000 a week , good money , btw .
[russia] even if you do , there is a very good chance that the person who will get one will try to leave for  greener pastures   brain drain is a real deal and people will always look out for their interest .
[us] this is what i meant  httpwww.unesco.orgnewensocialandhumansciencesthemesinternationalmigrationglossaryprovisionalapplication  provisional application  the growing use of provisional application clauses in treaties is a consequence of the need felt to give effect to treaty obligations prior to a state s formal ratification of  accession to a treaty .
[us] when i try to tell people about the existence of these ftas , people  since they have never heard of them , think i am lying .
[us] however , they have a nasty habit of bringing the same bad ideas back again and again here in the us , just with another name .
[russia] if i were to take a guess ,  rebels  has no way to confirm if plane is civilian , they only see a dot or whatever there is to be shown on military grade tech .
[russia] 2  there are reliable reports about unofficial recruiting at some military registration offices  people with military experience are officially invited to visit the office under some pretext and then unofficially get an offer to join the conflict  .
[us] this seemingly minor legislation has become contentious for requiring federal agencies to optimize the  quality , objectivity , utility , and integrity  of the information supporting regulatory activities .
[us] if you give the ethniccultural nationalists anything more than a fringe space in your public sphere , their existence will poison any potential for good will between groups , regardless of the material gifts you shower on those involved .
[us] yes moral outrage from someone that idolizes russia and is bitter over his country being stopped from genocide and openly hopes for people to be nuked .
[us] no exactly , we should scrap our base10 arithmetic system  or whatever you call it  if we had  instead of 11 and  instead of 12  or something like that  , our 1728 would be 1000 instead .
[russia] as it s putin s fault , not your media which tries to present every single putin s breath as another sensation , if not a menacing threat .
[russia] some european states like france or the netherlands might also become to a certain extent balkanized , with political parties and preferences becoming demarcated by ethnic lines .
[us] but investments in submarine hunts , depth charges and wiretapping has no peacekeeping to do  it s about an outdated paternalistic policies may defense romantics to celebrate christmas eve
[us] just look closely at the three pending  secrtive  trade deals . . tisa , ttip and tpp , and gats , nafta , cafta , etc.
[us] also when you write  with more and more globalization it is likely that the eu and the us will be near equal in a few decade and they will both be used as reserve currencies .
[us] at a time when unemployment rates in europe already stand at record levels , the commission recognizes the  legitimate concerns  that those workers who lose their jobs as a result of ttip will not be able to find other employment .
[russia] and i ca nt even blame those teachers , doctors and professors  it s quite hard not to be at least somewhat corrupt if you simply ca nt make it without , uh , some   side profits   .
[us] we can buy tickets in advance , it is the only way to get seats for imax for big movies , but you should still arrive in advance to get good seats .
[us] also , now there must be at least 10 or 15 million people who live in rvs and similar and basically have no real home .
[russia] if you re going to call the ussr a genocidal state for holodomor , then you must similarly call france genocidal for the famine in vietnam , england genocidal for the famines in ireland , bengal , and india , et al.
[russia] notably most of them  who i personally know  work in education  head of my school , politology prof. at my university , many teachers .
[russia] my problem is that many authors , even respectable ones , got so carried away with this cold war semantics that instead of agrumentations they engage in a shitthrowing contest .
[us] there is a minority of intellectual pacifists , whose real though unacknowledged motive appears to be hatred of western democracy and admiration for totalitarianism .
[russia] more than 40 crews of su34 , su27 , su24m and mig31 , several of them from murmansk , were involved in the exercise which was aimed at fighting enemy aircrafts , ground facilities , as well as  interception of air targets of distant borders  .
[us] russia is seen as a constant problem , one that needs constant management but one that european leaders tend to understand can not be dealt with with military confrontation .
[us] i ll add that while i wo nt say that we americans  love  firearms , it s common enough that i can have a inventory in the double digits and that has yet to scare off any ladies .
[russia] thing is , it ca nt stop first nuclear strike from russian side , there are too many icbms , but if some of russian launch sites are destroyed by first strike from nato , then missile shield can protect from retaliatory response .
[russia] tell me something what would you think in this hypothetic situation where a region in your country armed by foreign state would declare that it does nt recognize current government and it would broke out .
[russia] the interview by obosrevatel  google translate    according to budick , together with him in the seized gorlivka s obop militants hold two men of the 25th commando brigade and colonel of sbu .
[us] not only little conflicts here and there , but europe would have to really start spending much , much more on defense than it does today .
[russia] 4.5  margin of error means that if they report 40.8  who support ukrainian protests , then with confidence 95  real share of people who support ukrainian protests are from 36  to 45.3   in fact errors are smaller for smaller means , see my response below with exact numbers  , but most likely they will be pretty close to 40.8  .
[us] overall though , the vast proportion of canadians and americans are in the top two global deciles  and people with large amounts of debt likely still live a very comfortable life compared to peasants in china .
[russia] of course many people are better off now than they could ve ever been in the ussr  including myself  , but i doubt that my grandparents or my wife s grandparents would have led a better life now had they been born today in the same villages or towns as 80 years ago .
[us] as it stands now it seems like a screwed up system where basques get preferential treatment and from what i ve read it is due to them backing the right side of the war while catalonia lost .
[us] isds  courts  dont challenge local laws in court , they are private  supranational  courts where countries have to defend themselves against international corporations . . the corporations usually settle for huge amounts of money .
[russia] i see mh17 coverage , coverage of rebels being dickholes  to be fair , many are  , i see huge amounts of coverage of palestinian casualties lately but i never see anything about the ukrainians who die at the hands of the ukrainian army .
[us] example of how the ftas are all being hidden from sight in the usa  httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing of course , its not just not true , single payer healthcare will never be right around the corner under ftas , its a shameless lie , because the ftas make it impossible .
[russia] however they have military equipment and training and there is no way civilians could acquire military weapons in ukraine  it s nearly impossible to have even hunting weapon  as you could see during protests in kiev there were just few low power weapons among protesters  .
[us] both countries would be using the majority of their nukes try hopefully take out the rival s nuke abilities on top of hitting civilian targets .
[us] i m from florida  the large majority of canadian snowbirds that i ve met who come down here i ca nt even pick it up .
[russia] i remember from this httpwww.youtube.comwatchvwcnxkrte0gy 0832 time looks like a combat weapon and another video with a guy with curly hair , and another guy with pistol who shot at somebody before all the action and bloodbath on grushevskogo .
[us] in the us we have a fair amount of competition for both credit card transaction systems  square is a prime example  that lets smaller merchants accept cards for much lower fees .
[us] for all my  urikans out there , imagine a wonderball , but made out of delicious chocolate instead of dirt , and filled with a toy instead of stickers .
[us] finland   wage dumping  is becoming more common   httpwww.helsinkitimes.fiindex.phpbusiness5035wagedumpingisbecomingmorecommon2  2013  unions slam ikea over  wage dumping    httpsverigesradio.sesidaartikel.aspxprogramid2054ampartikel5939431    there is no obvious answer to the question what trade unions might do in order to prevent social dumping .
[russia] i m talking about the dichotomy  there is a  we   the ukrainians , and  they   the jews , some of whom  our fellow travelers and even friends .
[russia] it s a big question if it ll be over soon and if it ll be followed by the latvian crisis , the estonian crisis and so on  possibly even finnish crisis  .
[russia] early male death rates irrelevant in this topic because kind of people who got to senior managment positions dont drink themselves to death  at least before retirement   alcoholism is a hobby for poor .
[us] lol if you re going to act like england , scotland , wales  north ireland are separate , but equal countries than you got ta treat them like that too .
[russia] if at any of those stages you ll develop a sudden urge to apologize that all of us are not dead yet , including yourself  battle that urge , they re civilized europeans after all , you do nt really need to be that harsh on yourself .
[russia] the reason i am optimisticly pessimistic is that i have seen how russian government and economical bloc works , what sort of reforms are being implemented , their success rate , accuracy of forecasts , general direction of proposed laws ,  professionalism  of business  banks  a general idea how population will react to any of the  new great ideas bestowed on population from olympus  .
[russia] well , for starters you are alive and was born , you might like read about ww2 a little and what was planned for polish state .
[us] edit  for the downvoters , actually read about fgm   httpwww.who.intmediacentrefactsheetsfs241en  no health benefits , only harm fgm has no health benefits , and it harms girls and women in many ways .
[us] the chairman of the national transitional council which advises artur mas , carles viver pisunyer , advocated a call early elections and try to give them a character of a plebiscite on independence .
[russia] nature of power in russia is different from the west , its more easternmiddle eastern in its existence  self preservation above all , zero responsibility for anything  , thus russia follows its natural historical path of antagonismsiege mentality .
[russia] population of moscow and spb  does not like that it see  because it will result in worse economy  , lower class does not care .
[us] the threat of a costly legal dispute with a very uncertain outcome will act as a deterrent for many governments to protect citizens or the environment .
[us] since your leaders  which you re supposed to control as a us citizen btw  do nt bother with respecting international law in ukraine , do nt think the other side will play nice either .
[us] i could nt be more against the republicans if i tried  i even moved to a foreign country  in part  to get away from having to hear that fox news bullshit .
[us] yes , i have looked at your currency , and my favorite part of canadian movies is that i ca nt tell it s not a american one till they pull out the money .
[us] which is a justified belief because in the 2009 senate finance committee hearings , on cspan it was portrayed again and again as ending  free riders  .
[us] a new case of social dumping and exploitation of workers by atlanco rimec   httpwww.efbww.orgdefault.aspindex889   the fraudulent practices of atlanco rimec , as labour recruiter , are meanwhile well known .
[us] russia , will not place itself in a situation that does not allow it to argue for the defense of the russian nation as its primary goal .
[russia] if people can pay 1k  for a boat to europe from lybia , surely they can afford a bribe for russian captain of ship , border guard or a random truck driver to smuggle him into eu
[russia] i highly doubt that apart from brainwashed parts of population  which you could easily brainwash the other way if you really wanted to establish a certain narrative  and all the politicaldiplomatic talk , russian officials view china as some sort of great  ally  who help us out of goodness of their heart .
[russia] mikhail kalashnikov , the 94yearold inventor of the world s most popular firearm , the ak47 , remains in a russian hospital in serious condition .
[russia] en     httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiyurilyubimov   since a year ago it s mandatory to study at an accredited driving school to get a driving license , and after recent changes in rules for schools only tens of schools are accredited in russia with demand of at least 3000 schools .
[us] but hey , at least they  the european nato members  managed to convince the us to dump another billion dollars worth of personnel and equipment into europe , so that s nice .
[russia] i dislike when i read that sochi cost 50 billion dollars and  everyone is fine with it  no one is in jail , all is well .
[us] i do not know why so many people summarily dismiss the views of the elderly , as if us youngsters have this unique insight unknown to our predecessors .
[us] i myself am a native english speaker but i still stumble on weird rules and spellings and words that i ve never seen before .
[russia] since we finally won eurovision a few years back , we have relaxed our collective sphincter and can enjoy the show instead of bitching about the latest failure of our nominee or the antirussian eurovision conspiracy .
[us] it s present structure is a lot more organic than ours given that it s powers  authority have been pretty much chipped away at piecebypiece since the turn of the last century instead of set in stone with clear restrictions .
[russia] a lot of people go to work in russia , more jobs there , better pay , easier to get a work visa then in eu  or especially the us  .
[russia] i see this a bit differently , in my opinion merkel has caved in into hawks and is on a path of nonstop sanctions every other month , regardless of ukrainians developments  nonstop pressure until unconditional surrender so to speak  .
[us] and by then , you might have a lot of companies looking to build factories in saudi deserts , because of all that sunlight for solar power .
[russia] i cheered on crimea , but donbass is a fucking ugly business , very , very very vile thing that russia did to ukraine .
[us] the reason the american people are nt chomping at the bit to get involved in ukraine is the same reason ukraine is nt a member of nato to begin with  it s been badly administered and is economically irrelevant .
[us] try going months and months without paying your electricity or internet or we bill and see how long it ll take for it to get shut off .
[russia] probably most of these commenters are students living in dorms or lazy bastards inherided an apartment who do nt care to get a real job .
[russia] crimeans were quick to act because they already went through hell with this back in 91 when neither russia nor ukraine wanted them and they became sovereign for a short while .
[russia] ask compensation for fifty years of you shitting on our history , of teaching about  evil feudal and imperialist poles  and how empress catherine the great destroyed poland  because she was pureblooded german
[russia] reports that shows , for example , a corpse of separatist fighter near the bodies of civilians killed in civilian building  i should nt treat seriously anything you have to say from now on .
[us] the competing vision would have us all at one anothers throats and distracted from the fact that we should all have lots more time and the resources to devote to learning because human life is too short to learn all the things we should want and need to learn .
[russia] then why is that russians are not returning back to their homes then , i mean , no one is carpet bombing them anymore , so its totally is ok right
[us] 10 this is my covenant , which ye shall keep , between me and you and thy seed after thee  every male among you shall be circumcised .
[russia] top comment was an unapologetic  fuck russians   ukrainians on this sub just tell me to fuck off because apparently i m the one who s killing their own citizens .
[russia] i guess some people may call these terrorists  freedom fighters  or  patriots   though i think in the case with volgograd there are mostly religiousseparatist motives i.e.
[russia] human history shows time and time again , if market is being  let go  , it goes  full retard  and creates shit like 2008 global clusterfuck , destroys any sort of meaningful regulation or safety measures designed to protect people and by the way , they control the media as well , so if something would be discovered  firstly they will call you a conspiritard , then will deny everything and in the end everyone will say that they already knew .
[russia] russia  , government looks scared actually there was no news during this week  except for helicopter crash during landing  14 people  everyone  survived   government accepted law to cut off all sites with users registration outside or rufed borders  it seems like an embryo of group of laws to cut off whole country from the outer world and forbid usdeurrur exchange , chinese style  us is about to accept new doctrine  to prevent aggression of russia in europe and asia   httpsbeta.congress.govbill113thcongresssenatebill2277text  .
[russia] that probably also has something to do with perfect english language proficiency , better visa agreements with other countries , better economy that allows to save more money that are needed for emigration .
[russia] on the other hand , i ve been in kharkiv and donetsk  only transit however , did nt really live there  and you will get dirty looks at times if you speak ukrainian .
[russia] they do nt arrest anybody when protests are sanction , and do nt beat anyone when they are peaceful  as in the rest of the civilized world  aka not ukraine  .
[russia] most russians are politically apathetic  living in the ussr tends to do that to your sense of civic duty , as well as the turmoil of the 90ies when the only true power was the almighty dollar  which most people did nt have and now are happy to live in moderate comfort  that was the whole deal with the government that tightened the screws , let us buy stuff and go get hammered in thailand and we let you do your gig  .
[us] water services act of 2013 , part 1 section 5  6    without the consent of the minister and the minister for finance    source   httpwww.independent.ieopinioncolumnistsgenekerrigannevermindthesmallprinttrustus30620675.html  excerpt below ...    and i believe that there s a long term privatisation strategy under way .
[us] longterm consequences can include   recurrent bladder and urinary tract infections  cysts  infertility  an increased risk of childbirth complications and newborn deaths  the need for later surgeries .
[russia] my guess  he promised swiss wo nt protect putin s personal accounts from possible us sanctions  or maybe even they ve frozen them already  unofficially  .
[us] imo there s almost no difference in the world views , manners of thought , and cultural heritage , between most canadians and most americans  at least  from the west coast , the pacific northwest , the northern midwest and the north east .
[russia] compared to what russia possess in terms of resources , water and land mass , you possess no threat , nor any significant value .
[russia] second time russia lost ukraine the next day , when deal brokered by both eu  us and opposition went out the window and u guys immediately supported  new reality  .
[russia] outside novgorod veche was nt a big thing , its influence on the knyaz was comparable to the influence of football fans  manezhnaya square assembly on the mayor of moscow  sporadic and ultimately ineffectual .
[russia] independent.co.uk   httpwww.independent.co.uknewsworldeurope39000yearoldbabymammothgoesondisplayinmoscow9825139.html    mosfilm  has finally shared its collection of the classic sovietrussian movies , here is a link to a subset of movies accompanied with normal english subtitles .
[russia] assuming you know   kalinka   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvnaqvfjvut8    here is something different  traditional cossaks  songs tragic       httpwww.youtube.comwatchvtlmmqivrf54  and even more tragic   ,  ,    httpwww.youtube.comwatchvuo8kasfaoa   note  pelageya s performancevariant is brilliant  edit  and wonderful  modern folk   kostroma by ivana kupala   httpwww.youtube.comwatchve0j38tda0  edit 2   traditional georgian music and dance   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvcq89giyo8eq    1 more   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvp6smvbpnsai    polyphonic singing   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvhh0g0hcl6t0amplistpl77d6921fbae3c53b   notice how polyphonic singing is performed by ordinary folks during banquette
[russia] anyone who would give the order would condemn 45mil or so people to instant or slow death , depending on how lucky they are .
[russia] i mean that business which survived his rule and was nt  deprivatized  by corrupted bureaucrats like it happened with vkontacte social network which is practically belong to  igor sechin   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiigorsechin  now .
[us] people give it the concept shit , but i think there is something to say for reforms and cleaning things up  and massive eu subsidies i guess .
[us] can you link me to some papers or articles that show the russian adm being able to negate 99  of the eu s nuclear arsenal
[russia] if eu and us will provide slightly higher pressure  some more sanctions  help to georgia , ukraine , moldova   there is good chance to see the fall of soviet reunion before world cup 18 .
[us] good diagram from the uk gov showing spending by percentage and in total for nato countries   httpswww.gov.ukgovernmentuploadssystemuploadsattachmentdatafile34186vdspercentgdpq11213.pdf  so , basically nato relies waaay too much on the us , and with current us sentiment souring towards getting involved in europe s problems  or most of the world s problems for that matter  , it could be a serious issue for europe if america decides to pull back .
[russia] israel does it to hamas hamas militants intentionally commit  criminal acts intended or calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public  against israeli civilians , hence they are terrorists .
[russia] return to normalcy is only possible for donbass after cleaning it up from all these  dpr  ,  lpr  ,  novorossiya  and other extremist groups .
[us] easy , you leave the bases , occupy bavaria  use your soldiers to force a totally not rigged referendum on it s annexation into the united states .
[us] one thing that has to be said about this specific situation is that the topology of the stockholm area makes it exceedingly difficult to find a hidden sub in .
[us] there are reasons to have a flag , particularly one with such history behind it as this one , other than honoring ancestors fallen in battle .
[russia] i really feel bad for people of donetsk , they should be a part of a bigger nation , whether it is ukraine if they will accept ukraine or russia  not that the world would allow it  .
[russia] this is like asking to prove why 2 2  4 , you can and it might take quite some time , but there is small incentive to do so .
[us] i do nt think i mutilated my child but i can also see how it could be seen that way from people where it s not a common practice and is especially given a poor light due to circumcision being a religious practice .
[us] actually , the us  falls right in the middle of the range of western europe , in terms of income inequality in developed economies .
[us] its as if they are saying , things can only get worse , thats literally what the commitment to always  liberalize   privatize and globalize  more and more is .
[us] i mean , there s still a good chance the other will still lead to nuclear war , but any chance that such can be delayed or prevented by winning a battle conventionally should be taken .
[russia] russia  , a nightmare where you can not wake up  fresh  reports about russian troops 3km inside ukrainian borders   httpwww.ostro.orggeneralsocietynews450138  , someone want to see more sanctions against russia , these reports are nt too credible though   there are reports about  500k refugees from eastern ukraine in russia   httpwww.regnum.runewspolit1824151.html  , i believe this number is greatly exaggerated  emergency services report 20 times less people  28k    duma has  passed 60 laws during 1 hour   httpwww.csmonitor.comworldeurope20140710russiatakesaimatdissentmediacriticismandhighheelsutmsourcesailthruamputmmediumemailamputmtermdailyamputmcampaign20140711newsletter3adailysailthruampcmpidema3anws3adaily2520newsletter2520280711201429  , sometimes i think it s good that authorities in russia do nt give a crap about laws   moscow is going to use  new modern trams   httpimgur.comaknnzb  during football championship2018  i m trying to guess which country are they going to invade during this event
[us] this is the most outrageous thing that has ever been done against the people of this country and the world thats not genocide or similar .
[us] germany is selfish when it comes to fiscal transfers , german policies are helping rip northern  southern europe apart , thus dividing the eu .
[russia] seeing how he was harvard educated , spokereadwrote mandarin fluently and uighur almost fluently as well , with some knowledge of cantonese  well , in short , i am included to trust him more with that assessment .
[us] the scariest issue is that the postwwii world order that did nt allow any country to annex other territories by armed force has crumbled .
[us] it is kind of implied that you have to remain friendly with your buyer if you intend to have the best hardware and software .
[us] very few people on this sub follows american sports closely , so nobody should be judging american sports for lacking passion from their fan base .
[russia] if kremlin wo nt start war with ukraine then ukraine will clear rebels in its eastern regions  and those are  at least partially  rufed citizens  population of russia was  promised   novorossia  back in july .
[us] his nytimes blog  the conscience of a liberal   httpkrugman.blogs.nytimes.com  is 1a , one of the best sources which clarifies economic nuance as i ve ever found .
[russia] in particular , i would draw attention to what crimeans themselves say about their referendum  httpwww.pewglobal.org20140508despiteconcernsaboutgovernanceukrainianswanttoremainonecountrypg20140508ukrainerussia005 makes all these claims bandied about that only 50  wanted to join russia rather ridiculous , no
[russia] tatarstan is very autonomous because of its special status , but so is chechnya in a way , considering how kadyrov s style of rule would not be tolerated in some oblast .
[russia] the elections are going to be in 2016 so i think it s a bit too soon to assume anything but personally , if a decent replacement does not show up , then he will probably win .
[us] i m a big fan of the balkan peeps  well croatians and bosnians anyway  , and i d like if a bunch more moved here .
[russia] in order to persuade tatarstan to stay in russia , yeltsin gave them very nice economic and administrative perks , in the sense that they are able to have greater control over their republic .
[us] httpwww.propublica.orgarticlehowmanydiefrommedicalmistakesinushospitals   u.s. health in international perspective  shorter lives , poorer health   httpwww.nap.educatalog.phprecordid13497  meanwhile ,  aca contractors like the uk s serco  pay employees to do nothing    httpwww.kmov.comnewsinvestigatesnews4investigatesworkerspaidtaxpayerdollarstodonothing259002161.html  .
[us] this parrot has ceased to be  although many europeans , especially the germans , have been brought up to fear inflation , deflation can be still more savage  see article  .
[russia] i just wonder how many centuries it takes for the people to consider their unresolved issues to be obsolete and not worthy protesting about .
[us] if ttip aims to drive down costs for consumers and increase competiveness , it is safe to suggest that this would require changes in the labour market , which may not always be positive .
[us] except now , with its arrogance and its embrace of isds and arrogant , undemocratic , bad bad trade policy , the eu is rapidly becoming another united states in terms of ultimately unsustainable , wrong , greedy , selfdestructive policy decisions .
[us] msnbc is interviewing a guardian reporter ewan somethingorother , just said  it s safe to say scotland will be remaining part of the united kingdom .
[us] better alternatives exist  whereas isds is a subsidy , from the public purse , for activities at risk from tighter regulations , risk insurance is offered by a host of private providers but also for example by the multilateral investment guarantee agency  a division of the world bank  and others .
[us] what needs to be done is increased spending and a lot more money needs to be transferred to poorer countries to help with the disparity .
[russia] as for ukrainian army , i would agree if ukrainians  had an army  , not rag tag nationalistic batallions with no serious military training or knowledge of  art of war  .
[us] you probably are writing this from right down the street from me , anyway , which adds to things that are true that you do nt want to necessarily look at from a neutral perspective .
[russia] miroshnychenko became famous for his critical response to mila kunis who said that she felt to be discriminated while living in chernivtsi and the city is almost a village .
[russia] considering that any country with an economy like ukraine s has a future in the eu similar to that of greece , spain , romania , or bulgaria , i can think of many reasons to  not  want to join .
[us] in a veiled reference to this , and in response to criticism from meps , almunia remarked that he would   strongly reject attempts to transform competition enforcement into an ordinary political debate   .
[russia] both upa and stalin should be buried in the dungheaps of history , both to be seen equally as the most vile parts of our history  and mind you , upa ranks even higher on my hate list because they killed people on a mass scale simply for their genetic links , not like stalin or mao who primarily killed those whom their paranoid minds saw as potential counterrevolutionaries  .
[russia] in case of ukraine , euu . simf  co had the incentive to back you guys up because people were dieing under flag of european union and for the trade deal with them , so if you bail out on such  sacrifice   even if it was unwanted for example  , you loose face in one way or another .
[us] they said that since nato was first created to contain the su and now there s no su but still nato , so we  all our eu allies want to conquer the world apparently .
[russia] especially if you re wearing a perfectly white dress of moral purity yourself and like to judge countries as if they were people applying the same morality code to them and doing it from the perspective of the current day when everything is known and clear , ignoring everything  circumstances , times , motives etc.
[russia] are you trying to say that upa red and black flag is ok if we take out the genocide it committed because i said that ussr may be ok if we take stalin out
[us] quoting myself  that s why i say that europeans who think the us military should  come home  are wrong  they are arguing against their own self interests .
[russia] i ca nt confirm how the situation is in the east of ukraine exactly , maybe someone here can , but east of ukraine is nt really quite ukrainian in the same sense the west is ... you  really  do nt want to speak russian in lviv for instance .
[russia] its one of the parts of russian economic pressure towards ukraine , get used to it , plenty more of that will come in the future .
[russia] authorities reply  go back to abkhazia and get your documents there   there half of my family was killed by locals who now live in my house  apartment .
[russia] but standards of living have skyrocketed in russia since putin came to power , corruption has decreased immensely  albeit , it is far from eradicated  , population actually started growing recently and the outlook of an ordinary russian has improved , there is a lot of hope .
[russia] even with internet roskomnadzor has done plenty of blocking anything with opposing views to  general party line  , ofc you can still work around it , but its annoying .
[russia] all i want to say is that in russia , the majority believes that we are not the bad guys , and whilst there may be some selfish reasons  such as the possibility of reclaiming an illegally given region , or the use of that land to funnel gas into europe , military base , and yadda yadda  , the russian people hold no malice towards the ukrainians that do not call for the ethnic cleansing of the zhidovomoskal  skaya  jewishrussian  cancer that plagues ukraine .
[us] when the few people in charge of business in your country see how insane profits are for american corporations they are going to want a piece of that pie .
[russia] the only difference with present situation is kremlin did nt have enough time to organize the same situation in crimea  but we have good chance to see it in eastern ukraine .
[russia] only then you ll be gently backslapped which signals that you re accepted in their friendly society so you can participate in all those exciting circlejerks about villainous russians
[russia] i write my posts a little differently though , they re not just simple  fuck putin , fuck russia and fuck russian  like some of the top comments here  remember when russians got stranded due to sanctions
[us] you need to be ready to respond , fight  win battles before tactical nukes are even able to be used effectively , and you can only do that with adequate power projection .
[russia] well wiki suggests that an26 ceiling is 7,500 m  although there might be other modifications  , so i wonder at what altitude did the malaysian plane flew   i think radars should show at least that , although the  operator  could be illiterate in the aspect of ceilings for different types of planes etc.
[us] the agenda is hidden for a reason , and that reason is thats it is quite unpopular when its unmasked for what it is .
[russia] right now kremlin is trying to force president of ukraine to pretend separatists are nt the kremlin itself  and are nt just pro terrorists sent by kremlin but legitimate representatives of nonexistent  nation   and start talking to them instead of kremlin .
[us] httpwww.dartmouth.edudpressdocspresscomehomeamericais.pdf   edit   much of the argument that us defense spending can be reduced by as much of a 13 , includes the assumption that europe is very rich , and is beyond capable of handling its own security .
[us] my wife and i are hoping to take a trip with our bosnian friend to sarajevo and the countryside around it , and then head to dubrovnik and ljubljana , and the beautiful parks in slovenia .
[russia] they did nt though , they flew west of their original flight plan , which would have originally put them right on the russian border with ukraine , not directly over donetsk as when they were shot down .
[russia] this is wishful thinking , ukraine during euromaidanafter overthrowing yanukovych was in  revolutionary madness   meaning  we have won and if you disagree with us i am going to beat the shit out of youfuck you  type of behavior  .
[russia] it s just an obvious attempt to troll and distract population from  putin is giving up promised land  novorossia  eastern ukraine  russians who live there to eurogays , jewnazis and maidanofascists  situation .
[russia] it would be equivalent if russians in the early nineties had some word in what was going on in the country , and pretty much noone apart of a small circle of people knew what s going on and noone but them could control it .
[russia] exclusive economic zone  an exclusive economic zone  eez  is a sea zone prescribed by the united nations convention on the law of the sea  over which a state has special rights regarding the exploration and use of marine resources ,  including energy production from water and wind.the difference between the territorial sea and the exclusive economic zone is that the first confers full sovereignty over the waters , whereas the second is merely a  sovereign right  which refers to the coastal state s rights below the surface of the sea .
[russia] there will be an arduous few years , but domestic industry will be stimulated , the economy will become less dependent on foreign credit , and ties with china will be developed .
[us] if the ultimate goal is for the eu is to bring in serbia , would nt the eu want a stronger economy in serbia for eu products
[russia] mothers of the soldiers of 25th airborne brigade , which are here next to me , had already arrived for them to gorlovka  waiting for their children to be able to leave the territory ,   said vasily budick to obosrevatel .
[russia] we still continue to release capturedfled ukrainian military personnel back to ukraine , but i guess here we ca nt really legally detain them .
[russia] 1  lenta s liberal management team is getting replaced because the publication is owned by a private businessman and he is within his legal rights to do so .
[russia] and out of those rumors about trucks used to evacuate hundreds of dead bodies of russian soldiers , steal ukrainian manufacturing equipment , provide actual help , deliver troops and weapons  real help is the least believable option  see first paragraph  .
[us] then , when they get a german bank account , that bank account will only allow the person to take out eur 700 or so a month .
[russia] i could have a huge discussion and elaborate on things but it would be much easier if i spoke it out rather than wrote it .
[us] httpwww.ohchr.orgenhrbodieshrccoidprkpagespublichearings.aspx videos of hearings can be found at  httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprkseoul httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprktokyo httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprklondon httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprkwashington httpwww.ohchr.orgenhrbodieshrccoidprkpagesreportofthecommissionofinquirydprk.aspx httpwww.ohchr.orgdocumentshrbodieshrcouncilcoidprkreporta.hrc.25.63.doc httpwww.ohchr.orgdocumentshrbodieshrcouncilcoidprkreporta.hrc.25.crp.1eng.doc httpnews.bbc.co.uk2sharedbsphipdfs170214nkoreaunreport.pdf and nkdb.org also has compiled overviews of north korea s prison camps .
[russia] hoorah patriotism is when we get sanctioned , ban food imports , involve ourselves in ukraine and generally express a negative viewpoint of the west  and everyone approves of it  , sort a like  yeah , we ll show them bastards
[russia] if you are honestly using these images not as a circlejerking aid , well ,  prove me wrong  is a good position to have .
[russia] the vendee also had its separatist period , in the 1790s when something like a third of the population there was exterminated by the revolutionary forces .
[us] complaining about racism in usa is a joke when you had ussr doing ethnic cleansing and genocide and trying to erase anything that was nt russian .
[us] i m only  under the impression  that you do nt have a whole continent larger than the us trying to build a better life in the us , we routinely have many migrants coming from all the way down the isthmus of panama , not counting boat people from haiti and a persistent trickle from the entire south american continent .
[russia] the option of asking people if they wish to stick with the status quo  in which  crimea enjoys autonomy but remains part of ukraine   is not on offer .  second option was  exactly  this .
[us] and even more so germany was known as one of the kindest imperial leaders and had no intentions of genocidal acts or other war crimes .
[russia] not sure about conquering stuff , last time europeans tried to , they came under a united banner with a desire to exterminate and enslave , you guys participated btw  i have my doubts about  we are here for the good of your people and totally not to loot , plunder and rape you  .
[russia] prices are going up so fast , including fuel price  7  from january  , i doubt that people are going to throw away their own life to a trash can .
[us] a union that is fair would have eventually seen the capital or at least most of its leaders from the colonies as that is where the bulk of the population and economic activity would be .
[russia] he asked people in eastern ukraine to postpone referendum about independence  in the end referendum was nt postponed  it is happening right now  and has declared russia will move troops away from ukrainian border .
[russia] people generally do nt like wars and dieing , but if you brainwash them or say that you  protect your countrymates abroad  you might have a different  more understanding  population .
[russia] compare that with the soviet union who would lose factories , railways , bridges , resources , agricultural sectors and had a chunk of its population put to work in labour camps .
[us] the insurance company  government coalition , the hundreds of lobbyists . . the drug companies , were 20 years ahead of the situation and they have been working tirelessly to close off all of the real money saving options for americans and others with these ftas , . . with no exceptions .
[russia] these things are cultural ,  maybe even genetic to an extent   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikihajnalline   southern europe , for instance , is today more corrupt and dysfunctional than the north , just as it was for centuries beforehand , but that has nt stopped them from converging to almostgermanbritish development levels .
[russia] so i would nt be surprised that people actually  would nt know  about what s going on and how it reflects on russia s situation .
[russia] it seems nonsense that people believe that , but we have generations of people affected by this propaganda and oppression and we ve never ran lustrations .
[us] actually they re ignoring the domestic abuse calls cause 70  of their budget comes from fines , so they re incentivized to pay less attention to problems like domestic abuse .
[us] 9  reactor fuel rods have a protective zirconium cladding , which , if superheated while exposed to air , will burn with intense , selfgenerating heat , much like a magnesium fire , releasing highly radioactive aerosols and smoke .
[us] when i went to london , it was sponsored by an ny state school , so i just paid my normal tuition and got full credit .
[us] yes , all those ukrainians out in the street that had legitimate complaints and were being killed by the government for protesting were all bought off by cia .
[us] for example ,  tisa , the next one   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv2ppqnbxpa4  , will attempt to  privatize public services   httpwww.worldpsi.orgenpsispecialreporttisaversuspublicservices  at great cost to society  they can not be traded like chips if they are staffed by professional public servants  also that efficient and saves money  even more than gats has .
[russia] i hope it does nt sound menacing or something , i really do nt want to fight with anyone , i hope it s clear .
[us] the tip is not written on the receipt in the us  you have a line to write the tip and the the final line where you add the tip and write the total .
[us] if by better treatment you mean fair representation in the central government s legislature  constitutionally guaranteed autonomy , than yeah , that s exactly what i m saying in relation to these cases .
[russia] if he knew that they would swindle him , the tanks would roll in and the uprising would have been brutally crushed , just as china manages their provinces of xinjiang and tibet .
[russia] probably ua forces have at least some fire control over this road , but in this case they were able to  destroy  convoy , not to block it .
[russia] i loathe people who tend to view the soviet union as something good it might surprise you , but real world is nt black and white .
[russia] i feel myself ancient and very important because i remember how reddit published links to news about extinctions of dinosaurs and fall of rome .
[us] i m comparing the policies of two economies of similar size that have free trade all throughout the inside of it and have similar levels of income per capita .
[russia] meanwhile your neighbor from ukraine has managed to get on russian market and sell even more pierogi that you , double the amount , tripple the amount , he is economically stronger than you and he  can  start economical warfare against you , to get your market as well .
[us] i m circumcised  both parents are ardently nonreligious and made their decision more on what was culturally normal at the time  and i have never felt at any point that i was mutilated nor have i ever felt bitter towards my parents .
[us] which i have yet to actually see in my entire time here but in all fairness i work in a major engineering town and there are a good number of atheistsagnostics .
[us] on many subreddits pretty much all ttip and free trade agreement  and single payer healthcare  related posts get silently moderated away into oblivion more often than not .
[us] personally if i have a son i may not get him circumcised , because i really do nt see the point , but it s ridiculous that people are acting as if it s a human rights issue .
[russia] as for czechs who were denied repatriation  i thought jus sanguinis is universal across european nations and only russian federation  among  civilized  nations  has practice to refuse citizenship to diaspora of its ethnic majority .
[russia] i ve expected russian federation will fall apart during next deep financialeconomicpolitical crisis  i did nt expect it will happen so soon  due to sanctions  .
[russia] yes , if you re building a freaking missile shield around a country and are saying that it has nothing to do with said country , some friendly action would be really helpful to , you know , support those words .
[russia] reddit culture of immediate gratification dictates the narrative if things are not immediately go the way the consensus want them to be , its all  we are doomed , nothing is working , germany are selling out eastern europe for gas
[russia] rrussia translates the official russian position which can be found in thousands of media sources in russia and can be discussed freely on countless popular websites in russian , they cherry pick every piece of information that can make russia look good , no matter if true , and they are translating their position to english speaking audience .
[russia] i am not justifying the crimes made against human rights by the soviets after the war but the fact remains , the common russians went through hardships of the soviet regime as well .
[russia] yes , absolutely no evidence , it seems that buks , tanks , grads , russianonly produced arms just materialized on the territory of ukraine out of nowhere .
[russia] till realized country is separated into pieces as if government was readying to a war or revolution  separated regions still can act if some of them are lost  and has exploited  divide at impera  principle to the point where association agreement with eu result in closer relationships than exist between rufed s bureaucrats in different regions .
[us] i d like to address the shit you just pooped into my inbox , but i d like to know why any of it is relevant first .
[us] when you call circumcision  mutilation  you are basically going to confuse and alienate the millions of men who are perfectly happy with their penis , and who do not consider it to be mutilation .
[russia] i noted that russian population suspiciously increased by 10 or 20 percent in couple decades  ukraine  19291989 from 9.2  to 22.1   , estonia  19341989 8.230 .4  , latvia  19351989 10.634 .0  ,  better half of a century is couple decades now
[us] this is especially egregious in the case of the fourth map , in which the yellow areas were occupied by egypt and annexed by jordan .
[us] at an absolute minimum , this is causing  50 billion dollars in direct losses , which is greater than the total quantity of developmental assistance .
[us] i could nt imagine that kind of stuff happening , on top of proximity and having a very weak military with no military alliances .
[russia] apparently they have huge expenses  on inner market gazprom sells gas for fraction of its  european  price to cut off possibility of domestic competition and maintain its monopoly .
[us] we have no stereotypes about any eastern european be it how you look or act , you will just be thought of as european .
[russia] in the article  politics , careful and vague attempts to defuse situation , private negotiations , a number of speculationsopinions , a small jab at russia for its  engagement  in southeastern ukraine  which was headlined in the article almost as in clickbait  .
[russia] we are not afraid of anything but our government  because they ll shoot and use nukes on us  in fact this is true  government is already killing rufed citizens on caucasus  daily  .
[us] well , you did erase your comment , but apart from that , i really hope never to come across your on  reurope again .
[russia] even if the airspace was closed under 78kms , several fighter and cargo aeroplanes were shot down in that area in the past two weeks and the last jet just got shot down yesterday .
[us] if there s one benefit to having a relationship like we do with a country like saudi arabia it s that we can avoid things like this getting outofhand .
[russia] do nt you dare call it an aggressive action , if cuba volunteers then it is merely a peaceful act of cooperation with no intent to intimidate or leverage
[russia] this time it s different  kremlin is running out of money too fast , i believe they are trying to start and finish next war before they ll go bankrupt .
[russia] so first  let out oligarchs increase the pay for cleaning toilets in london , so those poles who are still refusing to leave poland change their minds .
[russia] apparently in rufed people do not have a right for selfdefense  selfdefense is more dangerous for society than killing 18 people with a truck .
[us] apart from the core issue that the eu deals with there is a degree of flexibility which allows countries to optout of different things .
[us] but many policies sold under the health law , even those in the more expensive  gold  category , not only have er copays of several hundred dollars but also subject er charges to the overall deductible .
[russia] the west does not own the world nor does it have any right to dictate how it should be run  your hypocrisy in your actions across the developing world particularly highlight how western benevolence and responsibility  must be resisted  , at all costs .
[us] the only reason we can get away with this is because we are the reserve currency , and the fed is always willing to print .
[russia] ...  it seems strange that russia would willingly part with its westernmost territory , but the point being made takes precedence over the sacredness of russia s borders  to drive home to warsaw the foolishness of stepping out from under russia s protective umbrella .  in the actual original  and in the blog repost of it     in other words , this  quote  appears out of author s hat .
[us] american football is such a crude sport actually , american football s intricacies become apparent when you learn about the types of plays the offense and defense can run .
[us] italy has the niche i mentioned and there are a couple others like jaguar and volvo that have other niches  luxury , wagons  safety  .
[us] this whole situation is nt europe holding a gun to russia s head  it s europe and russia both holding guns to each other s heads and this article is simply claiming that europe wo nt die if they both shoot .
[russia] you have to understand history , after getting invaded by westerners with clockwork regularity , it is nt hard to see why russians want a buffer zone .
[us] this propaganda usually has little halftruths too , the west has an inequality problem , the west has racial problems , the west is too reliant on technology .
[us] or will they remember how they  massively benefitted from the current world order , lifting hundreds of millions out of back breaking poverty    httpourworldindata.orgroserpresentationonlinedecreasingworldhungerandimprovingfoodprovisiondecreasingworldhungerandimprovingfoodprovision.htmlkcalcapitadaybyworldregionsmgpng  .
[us] they both  tisa and ttip  seem to refer to gats , so you should look to gats to see what public services  besides the audiovisual services exempted by the french  the gats rules are quite allinclusive . .
[russia] clap clap clap   ,  russia did nothing wrong  ,  fuck the west with his demonizing of russia and imposing his values on us with its homo propaganda   .
[us] adding to the mix of constrained credit conditions , a high level of debt and low growth in europe , a fifth of german , italian , and greek people are older than 65 , up from around 15 percent in 1991 , according to the u.s. census bureau .
[russia] letting navalny join the moscow mayoral elections was the only putin s experiment in the whole time since his 3rd term , and navalny had no access to federal tv channels , while putin s puppet , sobyanin , had almost 4 hours of attention every day during the elections campaign  tv is important in russia , almost 87  of population watch it  .
[russia] this map is given in the polar coordinates , where the distance from the center is inversely proportional to the power of the politician .
[russia] usa and west are our enemy , let s watch more of their movies , listen to their music and possibly immigrate there asap unless we feel ourselves too dumb or lazy to do so  in this case we use proverb              you are  only  useful where you were born   .
[us] that the people of iraq have suffered for years under the sectarian and brutally repressive dictatorship of saddam hussein , the usuk invasion and occupation , the current sectarian regime linked to both the us and iran , and now the barbaric repression of the  islamic state  organisation .
[russia] i bet local bureaucrats already have plans what to do as separate countries , in fact  there are already readytouse customs post structures  inside  rufed   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvgacjjl4wvsu   regions of rufed already act as separate states , they have less integration than countries in eu and that is why kremlin was so hysterical about ukraine and georgia signing association agreement with eu  because it s almost the same level of integration as relations between regions within rufed .
[us] if someone spits on you , crack his skull or inform the police , innocents should nt be punished because there are unsavory members of their group .
[russia] if you think that  any  center of power will let ukraine develop its very own nuclear arsenal , you are quite delusional in my opinion
[us] the very nasty services stuff they are claiming is nt in ttip is still there , in tisa , and its going to impact a lot more countries .
[russia] he not only was one of oligarchs who admitted that privatization was not fair , he also lobbied the windfall tax with ex post facto action against privatization .
[russia] shame i ca nt do that , but i m just a putinbot  i will never reach the level of wit of  i already forgot from which buttmadstate you are from  .
[us] also , i have friends that speak french , so with some practice it should nt give me too much of a problem , since i already speak some spanish and the grammar is quite similar .
[us] this is old data , judging by how quickly the american public has shifted on marijuana legalization i question how much really you can take away from this .
[us] most americans have never heard the word neoliberal and have never been told about gats and have only the vaguest idea about the wto , etc.
[us] the reason people clarify is because you re not expected to give up your old culture and integrate into  american  culture  to an extent anyway  , you re expected to add yourself to the  melting pot  .
[russia] i guess you could be angry at the russians for grabbing control of a region in 1783 that belonged to the ottomans ... which in turn previously belonged to  scythosarmatians , goths , hunnics , turkics , mongols , its southern fringe under successive roman , byzantine , italian and ottoman turkish control .
[russia] in cases of someone  acting outside of their jurisdiction  and being publicly caught doing it , cases like that are usually handed in private  as in any other extremely corrupt state  , with people knowing very little of the details or negotiations taking place .
[us] it annoys me slightly , that these words   crafted  by  uhstark , were put together into an english language sentence , and that it now exists .
[russia] if one day your neighbour decide to type your name on the internet just for fun and find that you did something bad in the past . .
[us] they may need to buy or set up a subsidiary in a country with an fta with their country , or move their address of record to some other country with which their own country has an fta .
[russia] this is brainwashing in its finest , propaganda is being used by both sides , so when you hear that russia is bullshitting with banderovets stuff , there is an equal amount of bullshit from ukrainian media .
[russia] but is nt it suspicious that absolute majority of casualties were ethnic minorities according to data at hand , caualties were about 34 mln ukraininans , 1.52 mln russians and  1 mln kazakhs .
[us] ok , so in lieu of us going back and forth  can you give me a source , a paper , written by someone else , that essentially describes your worldviewopinion
[us] no one is citing  because we were a bunch of illiterate hillbillies who lived in mud huts for the thousand years before the union  as the reason to leave it .
[us] i m just trying to say that a growing number of american people ca nt go to the doctor  and obamacare did nt help .
[us] you ll miss me sometimes , when you do get me you ll fail to convince people who either agree with me , sympathize with me , or have the cognitive faculty to recognize the irrelevance of the screenshot in a completely separate discussion , and over time , you will start to make an ass out of yourself , and alienate people in the subreddit to the point where people have just as much of a problem with  that obnoxious guy who wo nt stop posting that screenshot  as they do with  that crazy guy who screams about right to live   with the difference being that the people you ve alienated are the intellectuals , and the ones i ve alienated are the dumb fucks who ca nt contribute anything except idiotic statements like  nobody would prefer a shitty life over death herp derp .
[russia] on the other hand , johns , the men who come to prostitutes , well , they may be deterred if they knew there were police looking out for them .
[us] yeah , the usn is all about leaving a few days early and telling the host country  its because you are all a bunch of racist fucks  in a public forum .
[russia] the us and allies offered money in exchange to give away nukes because in that time both countries could barely afford maintenance and security .
[us] do nt act as if combined , a bunch of countries that do nt have parts to operate match one large country that does .
[us] i do nt mean that germany should start to really take responsibility on the world stage alongside the us  just to  start to deal with the whole  nazi  thing  the point is to help people who need it ... but it may be a nice  side effect  , if you will .
[us] its no mystery that based on a research heavy metric ,  19 of the top 20 universities   httpwww.shanghairanking.comarwu2014.html  in the world are from the uk or usa .
[us] look at your country and look what reagan s reforms brought , rising prices with no rising salaries , this is flat out bs , and i did nt really like reagan .
[russia] overall its a complicated issue with a significant domestic segment in play and we have very little of  real info  in what heads of state or intelligence apparatus has in store .
[us] their planes and pilots became exhausted , as the french finally pulled back their sole nuclearpowered aircraft carrier for overdue repairs and italy withdrew its aircraft carrier to save money .
[us] it would make more sense to not have summer vacations and instead have lots of very short breaks and try to set up jobs for students that they could do at the same time . .  coops or something . .
[us] and if you re talking about geographical size remember that two of the three largest asian economies are very small countries that are smaller than some european countries .
[us] it s why north korea is still around  china props up the regime so the us ca nt get a foothold so close to it s border .
[russia] our brothers in regions already have started to advance and it will allow us to resolve main issue of the revolution in kiev once and for all .
[us] you would however use them on a casebycase basis limited to the battlefield with the hopes of avoiding the escalation into icbms  strategic nuclear warfare in general .
[us] so , these politicians are being investigated , which means that they re most likely corrupt  after all , the other politicians being sent to prison that you mention in the same sentence implies as much .
[us] el salvador is being sued because they dont want to let a mining company mine in a manner which would be extremely likely to pollute their country s sole source of fresh water .
[us] sheiss egal about all that other shit bro , you guys are alright by me  i ll not talk too much shit in the future eh
[us] it was part of a series of shocks  the atomic bombings , conventional bombings , and the soviet invasion  over a short period of time .
[us] the fox news piece also failed to mention that the party that the person they interviewed belonged to was a former fascist party that only purged its nazi members 8 years before .
[us] i would also like to see some of belgium while i m over there , maybe antwerp or bruges , but i only have a week .
[us] i do nt consider myself a monarchist , but if ah were still somehow around , otto von hapsburg would have been one of the great monarches of our age , in the same league  or better  than queen elizabeth ii .
[us] that being said , because of time limits and weird requirements , our safety net programs are nt really a viable long term option for many people .
[us] honestly i m very surprised that the rates of cancer and defects are nt way higher . . coal mining has never been a safe job , and it s always going to be dirty .
[us] here is a population density map   httpi.imgur.comybukb7b.png  , but by square mile  1.6 km  2  we re roughly the same size as europe with about 40  of the population .
[russia] i ca nt really describe whats wrong with it , but it feels like a girl who tries to live with 2 boyfriends and play them against each other for her own benefit .
[us] i was just trying to say that if russia was in a crazy enough mode where they are doing full blown open invasions of finland , they could just throw bodies at finland until they get what they want .
[russia] should i have him call me up every weekend and tell me he s sorry his grandpa killed some of my countrymen under direct orders
[russia] and with everyone so set against russia i naturally gravitate against that sentiment  the western response is only driving the last of liberals in russia into a defensive stance .
[us] to reverse the trend , the european commission launched the blue card initiative in 2011 , modeled on the u.s. green card program that grants visas to foreigners who wish to work in the united states .
[russia] you say the question is nt who won the war , yet you are the one to initiate the talk about how they are won .
[russia] you can even take  outrageous  ukrainian numbers like  half  of separatists are russians and they rotate every 1 or two months or so  this is war , no one knows for sure obviously  .
[us] keep in mind , prohibition of alcohol was due to a progressive movement arising a hundred years ago  they thought alcohol was a tool to keep the working man down , and destroy families so banning alcohol was seen as a way to liberate the common man  .
[us] i ve seen a good many germans actually criticize poland for doing to germany what germany is actively doing to the rest of the eurozone .
[russia] i am sure its as black and white as you described , silly me , thinking it was a bit more complicated and it was a process which started  at least   20 years ago  if not more  with mutual hate , anger and contempt .
[russia] i was nt the one who said that georgians elected pro russian candidate though , i think i hinted at association agreement and trade stuff as evidence of that
[russia] you let them do corrupt things to feed themselves and that gives you leverage over them , because if they do nt do stuff that you want to be done , you can throw them into prison on the basis of corruption charges .
[us] i think that putting dishonest public officials , and cops in jail would be a good thing , since its an abuse of trust .
[russia] httpsvk.comapbarkashov funny that he just added a new post   judeokhokhol sbu published the recording of conversation of the leader of people s donetsk militia and barkashov .
[russia] the reason i think this is somewhat important is whenever i see german , frenchuk flair i subconsciously give them more  power  so to speak , as to having more balanced view or whatever .
[us] not sure why this guy has it , like i said , but i do nt think it s fair to immediately jump to the racistfarright conclusion .
[us] i thought it was a genuine good idea to protect your data while out in the world so long as you own the storage .
[us] i choose to believe that a russian invading ukraine and ends up killing ukrainians does nt capture civilians and kills them for propaganda and celebrates brutality as an example .
[us] it s a fact that the imminent tisa and ttip ftas  set up privatization as the goal for all public services  of member nations ,  by default , unless carved out , as for example , the french carved out their audiovisual services  that do not fall into the extremely narrow gats exceptions .
[russia] i never seriously considered it , but i heavily dislike current trends  1  blissful ignorance  i do nt know how much of that is genuine , for example on our local news site i started to think that a lot of people either are crazy or being paid to write idiotic comments which can be described as  hoorah , patriotism    .
[russia] oh and t hey do nt treat you badly when learn that you are russia , that s why i will visit them them again on my next vacation .
[us] it sounds to me like you need a therapist to help you with your personal issues , which may or may not be available in korea  i really have no idea  .
[us] so according to  reconomics , they are counting debt as negative wealth , thus why north america has people in the lowest global decile .
[us] but i m pretty sure i m not alone when i say that there have been at least a couple of circumstances in my life where i d have committed a crime if i thought i could get away with it , or at least thought that the payoff was going to be better than the potential punishment .
[russia] i was giving a perspective of someone who is not even watching staterun tv companies , gets his information from the internet and followed the initial euromaidan videostreamsprograms with an opportunity to hear out the ukrainians and what they were fighting for .
[russia] if i cut off 7 languages which i know only up to the level of cursing words  online gaming huehuehue   then 2 human languages  5 programming languages .
[us] the problem even if russia managed to transition back into autarky , which is unlikely unless putin decides to start implementing 5year plans , is that when the sanctions fall , those industries would collapse , since they would nt be competitive on international markets .
[russia] well , there are uk citizens fighting in syria , it does nt mean that uk is activly involved in bringing down regime in damascus .
[russia] now they ve elected  another  corrupt oligarch into power during war of secession , and all this subreddit is doing is worshipping the government in kiev simply because it pays lip service to western  ideals  .
[russia] well , i do nt have the stats but russia seems to be getting over a lot of these problems over the past 14 years , so i suppose leadership is doing something right .
[us] the reason the developed countries are pushing so hard to privatize public jobs is so they can then trade those millions of teaching , etc.
[russia] both china and russia are afraid of western interventionism because they are afraid the west may take advantage of them when the internal dissent in either countries bubbles its way to a real revolution .
[russia] putinhuilo  is not helping you against the putin , for fucks sake , it only helps discredit those who is honestly trying to do something about him .
[russia] why would i support policies of a mafioso who rigged multiple elections , helped  yeltsin s family  to secure stolen soviet property , attacked 2 friendly  or at least nonhostile  countries and is now ruining economy while leading the country to ww3
[russia] well , it was tweeted by  a russian politician and figure skater  who was  elected to the state duma in the 2007 legislative election as a member of president vladimir putin s united russia party  .
[russia] 1  war is the best distraction from financial problems  2  if needed it will allow to use martial law and turn russia into north korea  or at least into china  3  ukraine maywill restore nuclear weapons and it will be extremely dangerous as member of nato  4  if  the rest of  ukraine successfully secede from cis and join natoeu it will end putin s imperialistic doctrine and he does nt have any replacement .
[us] example  obamacare and the subsequent mess has been sold to us  as a stepping stone to single payer ,  please look at this   reid says obamacare just a step toward eventual singlepayer system  las vegas sun news   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing
[us] the ftas will tie their hands as far as doing any kind of good thing . . because the way they work  it makes governments simply doing their jobs subject to liability to corporations .
[us] on what planet does russia cut off its main income source from the entire world which benefits every other producer in the world while hurting russia
[us] if the us had nt done what it did , and  for example  stuck by the principles of  free markets  instead of imposing keynesian policies  i.e.
[russia] i do nt want to hide him , again , that s your unironic suggestion for me to shut off all opposing views despite blaming russia for the same .
[us] the commission should also ensure that nothing in the agreement prevents the parties from applying their national law , regulations and requirements regarding entry and stay ,  provided that , in doing so , they do not nullify or impair the benefits accruing from the agreement  .
[us] i m an american jew , and my grandparents were here , and watched what happened in germany with horror in the 30s and during the war .
[russia] i heard you appointed your oligarchs and mostly the same people to power again , so you ll have a good time protesting at maidan again .
[russia] look , i was not familiar with this  erna raid  until now , but it certainly seems that the current  scout event  or whatever it is , is named after a finnish recon group organised by nazi germany and working for nazi germany against ussr
[us] its true agenda is being hid , its a radical increase in inequality to counter the influence of automation and the abundance and potential freedom from drudgery it creates for society .
[us] but  south  is  etel  , and i do nt think it has anything to do with arya  unless the word used to be different  .
[us] largest national economy , largest financial markets , largest gold reserves , huge amounts of resources , most arable land  a very strategic geographic position with friendly neighbors has nothing to do with it .
[russia] your 75  are entirely irrelevant , because not only rada did nt vote to impeach him  they just were not able to vote to impeach him .
[us] in the neighborhood i previously lived in , i could look out my bedroom window over the next street and there was a guy on that street who would fucking snowblow as little as 2 inches  5 cm of snow off his driveway .
[russia] nobody is credible , all sides of that conflict present facts with a heavy bias , and that s when not busy spewing out massive propaganda and lies .
[russia] the only good things oligarchs good at is stealing other peoples money or businesses , meaning if someone creates a successful enterprise in russia with decent profit , immediately popup local  friends or protectors  or if it was even more lucrative  oligarch who raid or  acquire majority of control  via not so legal practises .
[russia] like once i was in a police station and said something like  but putin issued the law  and got reply  we do nt care what putin does , we have instructions  .
[russia] ukrainian nationalists with 8814 on shields , portraits of bandera and shouting  stab russian with a knife  , sometimes even with ak in their hands from maidan  those have  noble message  apparently , right
[us] i always thought it was more complicated than that ... when our nation was becoming populated , it was  really fucking hard to get here  .
[us] the nonstop publicity isis has received has almost certainly helped swell their numbers , and that s why so many westerners  especially young , disillusioned people  are drawn to them .
[us] with some creativity , they can probably gain some territory , or at least make it neutral , even after they reach a nato border .
[us] but it seems that europeans have been living in an artificial situation for the last two some odd decades or so  it was unnormal , because soviet russia had been  forced  to its knees by the us .
[russia] seven men who stole copper from live electricity lines have been jailed your boffins should study them to determine where their luck comes from .
[us] more political concerns were raised when vladimir putin stated that the ecological safety of the pipeline project will be ensured by using the baltic fleet of the russian navy .
[us] eu is nt going to risk their own positions for a country that could easily turn their back on it and resent it the next moment .
[us] seeing as the uk ran into serious problems with their munitions stores three weeks into libya   httpwww.washingtonpost.comworldnatorunsshortonsomemunitionsinlibya20110415af3o7eldstory.html  , that is nt a very good indication of capability .
[russia] are there any documents that prove targeting ukraininans because of their nationality , not because ukraine has good agricultural conditions and there were more wealthy peasants
[russia] poland always cries about evil communistrussia and  mah katyn  literally the only thing poland and baltic states do  whine about how bad russia is .
[russia] just like present government is creating  gambling zones  ,  hitech camps  here and there but there are no actual casinos or hitech companies  or just handful of them , not enough to justify title  .
[russia] and frankly , looking at how putin and kadyrov are the best buddies for life when he s bathing in millions , i m sure putin can persuade crimean tatars without too much problem .
[russia] they do nt try to push their position to western audience , they honestly discuss things they are interested in with each other , in their native language .
[us] that may be what the average european thinks but in my opinion this is more an example of something being taken out of proper cultural context .
[russia] russia is vastly multinational , but for example according to 2010 census in st. petersburg 92.5  were ethnic russians  2.5  more were belarusians and ukrainians  that s out of people who answered on question about their nationality  .
[russia] what i asked or advocated about was , not   lets say that soviet union did no wrong and it was the greatest thing ever happened in history  , but the desire for historical justice , not  hurr , durr , soviet union and nazi germany started ww2 , they are the worst , everyone and everything else had nothing to do with it
[us] without this acknowledgement of them  without this mechanism of deliberation between them , the un would become more useless  less recognized than it is now .
[us] a lot of straight couples do things in there that you would likely consider  degenerate  , but guess what , it has nothing to do with you .
[us] it was nice to make some money , and taught me the value of hard work , and that i did not want to do manual labor my whole life .
[russia] from some bizarre point of view it is fascinating , true magician shit  you look one way , they put a card in your pocket .
[us] its clearly a scheme by a tiny but very powerful group to quash the ability of our democracies to govern , both here and in the eu .
[russia] zhirinovsky and ldpr is a state approved clown , whose job is to steal votes from kprf and accumulate far right retards , he talks a lot of stupid shit , no one takes him seriously , but he serves his purpose of controlling radical viewpoints .
[us] the problem for poor americans is nt that their lives are comparatively horrible , it s that they can become horrible if they get unlucky .
[russia] 139  instead ,  the accounts suggest that georgia s inexperienced military attacked the isolated separatist capital of tskhinvali on 7 august with indiscriminate artillery and rocket fire , exposing civilians , russian peacekeepers and unarmed monitors to harm  .
[us] just seems like paying money to support the operating and maintenance cost based on usage instead of some vague general tax revenue seems the most equitable way to support the costs .
[us] on a positive note those migs are getting retired in a couple years by everyone in nato and usa s extensive military hardware leads to decent deals on slightly older hardware .
[us] i do nt think this would lower the rate of pedos molesting kids but i think each time a pedo jerks off to a fake kid that s one less time he would have looked at a pic of a real kid and that s a little less demand for kids to be molested for a profit .
[us] do nt give the paymentsave the boats , and they die , but if you do , you only encourage more in the future , and financially aid smugglershuman traffickers and terrorists .
[us] and the number one reason for bankruptcy in the us is due to medical debt , because hospitals quite literally invent their own prices , and privatized health insurance does absolutely squat in the overall scheme of things .
[russia] it s truly amusing however that you have such a vendetta against russia and yet when left to your devices , you do the same thing .
[us] i only mention that it is used because it is the closest example available with spain so it is understandable on why it is used .
[russia] the developing world is playing nice because you still have the military and financial strength , but it s not russia you should be afraid of in the future , it s them .
[us] meanwhile , millions of israelis have fled to europe , recreating the scenes of postwar displaced persons camps , and europeans whine about accommodating so many refugees , stating defiantly that they do nt have to feel guilty about whining about jewish refugees because the holocaust was so long ago .
[russia] it s also ridiculous to compare these soviet  settlers  to those other ones , as they had no choice in the matter  you were sent to work in the baltics , western ukraine or  god forbid  one of the  stans   with kazakhstan being a notable exception  .
[us] the rfas logistics train is pretty short especially compared to the usns , so the rn is banking on a lot of interoperability with allied nations .
[us] and of course , brazil and south africa are nt exactly superpowers , and have almost no stake in the game whatsoever , so their ability to apply much pressure in either direction is pretty negligible .
[us] they float over on boats i d be afraid to use in a lake , much less use to travel in an ocean with one .
[us] not everyone is born into an upper middle class home with both parents present and plenty of time to focus on learning at their private college prep school .
[us] and just so we are clear , opec trying to keep prices in a certain range is nt the equivalent of russia punishing individual countries for their foreign policy decisions through intimidation .
[russia] here i am an ultraliberal  like , srslevel liberal to give you an idea  russian and gay to boot , yet i feel closer to putin than i do to other europeans , despite my hatred for the man who turned russia into a regressive autocracy , one that has nt been so regressive ever since stalin died .
[russia] they also advertise their system of binary translation , so it s able to run windows xp   video of windows 2000 loading on it   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvmcei07neit0   in 3 minutes or so  .
[us] you re trying to ignore the fact that even your own countrypeople are sick and tired of corporations using what amount to really dirty tricks with important issues that affect people s lives .
[russia] there is a certain pattern there  you arm and supply some guys , bomb others , finance coups for thirds and shit gets bad .
[us] well there are many right wing antisemites in greece for example , but few jews live there , and they are more focused on immigrants .
[russia] i live in 21st one , but with each passing day i am slowly starting to wonder if this is true and we are not going back to 19 century style of politics .
[us] i did nt know that everyone one here apparently has no ability to detect sarcasm and thinks that the downvote button meant  i disagree with your opinion .
[russia] well there are few things why nothing close to that  or even related in any way  will happen to estonia   estonia is actually a stable and functioning country .
[russia] and the only ukrainerelated  not really  book is  crimea island  by vasily aksyonov , an alternative histoy fiction , satyre of russian and communist mores and values , and western ones as well , written in 1979 and banned in ussr .
[russia] i m not distorting anything , for the third time i m telling you that i can accept collective responsibility only in very rare cases , i m all for personal responsibility .
[russia] nowadays most russians can not imagine a russia without him , because the russia without him was the russia that gives us all nightmares .
[us] in other words , precaution is not imposed upon commercial interests as a default position  instead , hazards and risks are defined by government on a casebycase basis .
[us] i have nt ever read a complete transcript of everything the guy has said on the matter , so it s entirely possible i m missing the point .
[us] if you dont know chomsky you should google him , i can tell you this guy is one of the most realiable sources you can get i agree with noam chomsky on israel , but calling him  one of the most reliable sources you can get  is a step too far .
[russia] tough times ahead of you , it was known from the beginning , but you ve made a choice and would have to follow the path to the end , good luck
[russia] btw poland s pisudski asked france and uk to preventively attack nazi germany together with poland in early thirties btw ussr offered essentially the same to france and uk .
[us] an ... oddly ... i would nt be surprised in  the least  if you were one of the people demanding america leave iraq back in 2008 ...
[russia] public opinion is a pendulum , yesterday it was   russia is the best , we are going to show the west , fuck em all
[russia] if asked , the czech republic is ready to deploy its military aircraft in protection of countries close to ukraine , defence minister martin stropnick said .
[russia] note  several of his subordinates came under investigation on corruption charges involving the sale of ministry real estate , with total damage put by the investigative committee earlier this year at 4 billion rubles   120 million  .
[russia] i m trying to not to think about situation where specialists can not understand if they see remains of 13 , 15 or 18 people
[us] the u.s. has not yet listed water services in its gats commitments  however , the european union has specically requested that the u.s. open its water services to forprot water companies in its gats negotiating positions .
[us] when americans think of europe we think if the big countries mostly , so if we go there we do nt really think to visit the smaller countries as much .
[us] well , in the previous decade , leftwing professors pontificating daily about the evils of capitalism , war , and george bush were fairly common in so many classes  many of those classes having nothing whatsoever to do with politics in their syllabus .
[us] will the entire facility end up contaminated due to these wrong assumptions as to the integrity of the container technology used  what if over time  donnt forget they are supposed to stay there for a very long time  failing repeatedly
[russia] you do nt mind that now checnya bathes in billions they have nt earned at all , stupidly luxurious palaces are built there , everything is renovated and so on
[russia] age of 23 of people who vote for communist party of ukraine is higher than 50 years , almost half is older than 60 years .
[russia] even if i were to took your argument at face value , are you seriously accusing soviet leadership of looking out for its own interest in context of munich agreement
[us] the economics of whether to build a plant rely far more on the 10year energy and labor projections vs the expected exchange rate  which is always going to be volatile  .
[us] yes exactly ,  hey we re all american  not even an ethnic group  so give us some of your independence  we all know how iraq is literally a puppet state of the usa  , after all it would be a shame if something bad happened  for example spending trillions on a war to secure 5  oil imports , wake up sheeple
[us] in case you do not know , the house is based on population , and the senate is a fixed 2 senators per state .
[russia] i wo nt get into the whole usa versus russia  who is the most hated debate , that s a laughable matter really lol what experience is that
[russia] regardless , my point of extermination campaign remains , this is not exactly retaking what was lost , this is participation in genocide , submission to slavery etc.
[russia] there was a contest to select the seven wonders of russia , and the winners were  1  lake baikal   httpsupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons009d0a8d0b0d0bcd0b0d0bdd0bad0b0.jpg  , the biggest lake in the world , it contains 20  of all fresh water .
[russia] capital flight is a normal state for russian economy , it got a burst of speed this year after crimea because people with money realized that the country   went full retard   has become nearly impossible to forecast , and now it s official .
[russia] also probably student debt factors in , i kinda get upset when i hear stories about people racking up 40,000  usd in college education debt .
[russia] ukraine has some amount of t72s stockpiled , but most of them are in poor state , many already contracted to other countries , and it s cheaper to buy and modernize relatively modern t72m1 abroad than repair and modernize various older modifications of t72 ukraine has .
[us] the president will have unilateral power to deploy troops around the globe and direct forces with the help of the joint chiefs and the supreme allied commanders .
[russia] kadyrov s placement as the head of the chechen republic was perfect , he picked a thug so brutal that kadyrov managed to squash all dissent without needing the russian troops .
[russia] nothing is set in stone though , things are constantly changing and new stuff happen , but the potential for cold war 2 is there .
[russia] goes in line with seeing moscowtimes as a source  99  of russia is horrible and we are doomed , abandon all hope and so on .
[russia] but it s not as if he was the only one , remembering the glorious leader before janukovich which left the office with 1  approval rating .
[us] the issue of course is that running a high debt can turn bad in a hurry if your interest rates spike , but that occurs when your economy tanks .
[russia] if two points above did nt seem like a big problem , here is the thing  the closest competitor to the ruling party is ... the commies .
[russia] official  date is august , 8 as russia wo nt confess they ve invaded georgia  12 hours before they ve started  peacekeeping  operation to suppress georgian resistance .
[us] i found their statement on the issue   httpwww.nusconnect.org.uknewsarticlenusnusstatementonnecmotion    at our most recent nec meeting , a motion on this issue was presented and voted on by all members .
[us] but to me it s funny how colonialist guilt often far overpowers ww2 guilt , hence the excusing of rabid antisemitism coming from the arab immigrants by the media .
[russia] once a firm slavic friend , then a staunch communist ally , now a wannabe westie , poland is punished for its disloyalty to mother russia by dismemberment .
[us] i was tempted to answer this post with pictures of the diversity in america , but i d rather just ignore it and avoid a stupid usa vs europe debate .
[russia] moreover , for a country so eager to erase its soviet legacy , ukraine sure did like getting crimea , however symbolic it was ...
[us] in this day and age there are countless stories coming out about  x person got hacked  and  y company got hacked and millions of identifying information accounts were compromised  .
[russia] russian society is divided , again  despite everyone here thinking it s full of mindless zombies , each group has their own reasons and logic behind their actions .
[russia] ukrainians greatly outnumbered prorussians , they started to make molotovs and dismantle the road for stones , stormed their barricades and pushed them back .
[russia] there is no point in cancelling that contract unless us is willing to buy them  some said they were , but us congress did not agree to do so  .
[russia] i do nt see any realistic way for russian state to change its policy , because all the putin s power is shared with his friends .
[russia] i do nt blame the us for benefiting from ww2 and ww1 , but it must be understood that it was due to geography  luck  , not due to talent .
[russia] there is a bright side though  in case of revolution population will be ready to communicate through government s blocks using opera.turbo , vpns and various proxy services .
[us] which is why germany is nt using it s artificially low exchange rate through the euro to boost it s exports at the determinant of it s fellow eurozone members .
[us] yeah they disagree with us in some areas , and are a bit expensive to protect , but overall things have gone incredibly well .
[us] but yeah , i will probably never learn another  belgium is an interesting place , i definitely plan to visit soon , i hear it is super cheap in the winter .
[us] i would say there are countrys in europe that are better than the u.s in some things , but certainly not europe as a whole .
[us] well given the fact that the eurozone does nt have a strong fiscal union to help the southern nations  damn near every american state   many of whom have economies  populations skin to entire european nations   have a balanced budget amendment , and our central bank has more room to maneuver  more capability to act in response to crises ... well ... i feel alright .
[us] haha , i love that reaction , i had a similar one when i went to a baseball game in s. korea a couple years ago .
[russia] i guess you never heard of rebranding , except , i guess , neither have a lot of their members , who still wear neonazi symbols and still assault people as neonazis do .
[russia] spain for example was almost going to become a net payer thanks to decades of eu funds to help the spanish to build their economy .
[us] i have seen ideas floated of solar energy farms set up in southern europe to sell power and make eu more energy independent as a whole .
[russia] host  during the song , someone said from the audience that it s a funeral of the european union , it s a requiem on the european union .
[russia] probably they ve understood they ve turned themselves into iconic enemy of the west which was  in demand  after death of bin laden and pacification of iran by severe economic sanctions .
[us] i do give a fuck when people try to tell me what they i must accept as normal what they do in their own bedroom .
[us] outside very specific localities in texas or maybe nebraska , the czech republic has as much place in the average american s consciousness as ecuador or mozambique .
[russia] i really hope that people in eu will defend the press freedom if it will be threatened by putin s westernoriented propaganda  rt is not the only channel he uses , he also uses western social media and corrupt politicians , mostly influenced by his former partners in gdr  .
[us] here s an example of why   why u.s. financial hegemony will endure , symposium magazine , fall 2013   httpwww.symposiummagazine.comwhyusfinancialhegemonywillendure  . . and then the cheap remark about  bullying  , and  helping to  reduce instead of simply  reducing  . . all these weird code words inserted by people based on their own personal ideological leanings and hidden agendas . . you guys can do better than that .
[russia] maybe so , but making debates in international language  sorry if this characteristic of english offends someone  is a very good idea by itself .
[russia] also , every few days , an article from kiev post or somethings , supposedly onceandforall proving that the russians are controlling things on the ground in eastern ukraine , makes it to the top of  rworldnews they have all been subsequently discredited .
[us] they can try to scapegoat it by saying usa is also to try to divide and conquer the eu , but in the end putin just wants a weak and impotent eu .
[russia] and to remind you   in september russian officials clearly stated they wo nt guarantee peace and stability in ukraine   httpwww.theguardian.comworld2013sep22ukraineeuropeanuniontraderussia  if it will accept eu trade agreement .
[us] i could see russia attacking a weakened nato where america has withdrawn a significant amount of resources  europe has nt upped it s power projection capabilities to compensate .
[us] he said  scientists all over this world say that the idea of human induced global climate change is one of the greatest hoaxes perpetrated out of the scientific community .
[russia] its like we want this shit or smtn , ukraine were in transitionedturbulent period and during  uneasy  times all sorts of shit gets brought to surface  including infamous zomg nazi s etc  .
[us] i know a girl that did a teaching gig in dublin for a few months , and she s convinced that irish is nt a language , and that it s actually gaelic .
[russia] if id say tomorrow i wo nt sell you spare parts for your car , you could still drive a car for a while , but when it breaks down  you wo nt have a way to fix it thus you would not be able to drive .
[us] go walk into crimea since russia does nt own it and tell me how it works out for you without paperwork ahead of time with russia .
[russia] ukrainian european union membership is pretty much a game over for russia s dreams of eurasian union or having any significant influence in ukraine  over time  .
[russia] you do realize that this is a sure way to make rogozin s joke into reality , or are you one of those westerners so convinced of your own own impunity and omnipotence that you believe there will be no more consequences for this than for bombing brown people from drones
[us] those people are the burning soul of europe , they speak in near extinct dialects and they know local legends hat have been passed down for millennia .
[russia] but russians in crimea who want to stay russians in crimea and who are nt happy with throwing their democratic choice out of the window by some nazis  they do nt have  noble message  .
[russia] now state railroad company is checking 14000 carts for the same  defect   it was nt actual defect  cart construction allow this detail positioning afaik  .
[russia] the catastrophe and tragedy that he s talking about were nagorniy karabakh , ossetia , abkhazia , chechnya , georgian civil war , tajikistan civil war , etc. . . tens of thousands of people dead , hundreds of thousands of refugees , tens of millions of russians finding themselves living in foreign countries , families separated ... putin has no love for the soviet system and has repeatedly condemned it .
[us] i am not saying eu is responsible and is required to do anything , but helping stop it would end up helping to increase stability in the region .
[russia] if this particular case is as black and white as its portrayed by estonians , then i expect for the dude to go back to estonia  shortly   max 6 months of  investigation  followed by case falling apart  .
[russia] however , the baltic states  moldavia were brought in in very one sided conquest , with the vast majority of the population rejecting the soviet identity , despite the many ways they were heavily invested in to reinforce that  outside of ukraine , they were the most invested in republics , with vast wealth being pulled from the central asian and russian republics to increase their standard of living above that of the rest of the ussr  .
[us] thats why i think tisattiptpp s  t3 s  push to privatize public services and resources and freeze or roll back financial , labor and environmental regulation , globally is literally the worst possible thing right now .
[russia] russia will split into smaller states and it s already prepared for that  to move between regions  cities people have to have passports  to get a job in new place they have to get work permits  visas from local police a.k.a.
[russia] perhaps hrw should take less bribes from kremlin  media are perfectly aware about  witnesses   httpcyxymu.livejournal.com  , they just did nt give a crap till exactly the same scenario started to work near eu borders .
[us] you d just swap out who is getting mooched on , not that uk and france is nt mostly getting mooched on now as well .
[russia] this is in no way comparable to other types of silencing of dissenting opinions of course because it s only bad when russia does it , not us .
[us] especially on the big subreddits where lots of americans are reading , more often than not , stories about ttip , tisa , tpp , gats , tafta , nafta , cafta  especially ones that use the initials or which spell out the names  get deleted on various excuses , reasons are all over the map but the most frequent is that they often claim that all fta releted news is not american  not about america
[us] what was on the news in places like phoenix is slowly becoming the norm  hurricane remnants used to provide a long week of monsoon rain , but not on the scale of the last decade and a half  .
[russia] as the story became clearer , western media agreed that yes , georgia started the war , but it s still russia s fault because they  tricked  georgia into attacking .
[us] but to say that the actual caricature represents an actual human being is wrong , just like you would nt say it s sad that clooneys caricature is accurate , because it is detached from reality and exaggerates negative aspects so it is in no way an accurate representation of anything other than common sterotypes .
[russia] , and that when proof is to be provided at all , the appropriate avenue for releasing it is such vaunted channels as twitter .
[us] i mean shit , bush  clinton might have dynasties going ... but at least we do nt give the fucks a palace and crown ...
[russia] i will even dare to say that  general west  would not give a shit about it either , if it was nt for southeast  vacationers  and the related regionalgeopolitical troublesinstability that they bring in regards to eastern europenordics .
[us] so there are plenty of dumbass fellow americans that think that the beverly hillbillies and stories from the 1960s is an accurate representation of the south .
[us] i was checking the fdi and , while the numbers are up , they ve received more fdi in the mid 2000 s before signing an saa in 2010
[russia] russia solidifying the position it already held in crimea is not at all surprising given the highly unstable nature of the government installed by the maidan .
[us] europe has no force projection capability , but it s still more than strong enough to defend itself from a conventional attack , even before we drag in nato and the us .
[us] my prediction is that germany will continue to have problems attracting the best and brightest from around the globe to immigrate to germany as professionals , and that the  brain drain problem   httpphys.orgnews201402merkelgermanscientistsbrain.html  will continue , unfortunately .
[russia] good thing you ca nt read comments on russianukrainian from ukrainian sources , on ukrainian news or videos then , its quite a spectacle and  civilized  conversation   but then again youtube comments are generally shit and internet is a place for shitposting , flame wars in some peoples mind  .
[us] i understand the circumstances under which it were wrote may have been less than ideal , but if changes were envisioned , then the proper mechanisms should have been inserted into the document .
[us] i also find it pretty ironic that those who go after jews for being nationalistic in israel in the same breath support the concept of palestinian nationalism .
[russia] the shit is so cloyingly syrupy and at the same time watered down that i have a hard time imagining a music festival as insipid as the eurovision .
[us] the us census asks for ethnicity , for an example , and even people who do nt speak german mark  german  and so on .
[russia] however , on reddit , this often leads to bullshit situations where you see pedophiles defended more than the actual victims or johns defended more than the actual prostitutes .
[russia] regarding the crude death rate , adomanis  chart  inexcusably  omits data for the vast majority of the time period under discussion  unless he thinks that khrushchev was in office in 1990 .
[russia] cia still exists by the way , together with other 16 or so agencies and an army of ngos , you do nt really think that they ceased their operations around the world , do you
[us] ratchet  core concept also , standstill ,  indirect expropriation   investorstate dispute settlement   isds   trade barrier   market access barrier   trade distorting subsidy  and dozens of others .
[us] russia would nt spend cash on things like aircraft carriers  and more specifically , deploying them  if they did nt care about countries that they did nt share mutual borders with .
[russia] all the questions featured in the game do not generally require trivial knowledge , but can be answered with some logic and lateral thinking , although trivial knowledge also helps .
[us] south american countries that have been firmly under the thumb of the u.s. for decades have become rightfully bolder about telling the u.s. to go fuck itself .
[us] if a couple members leave , you do nt think the chances of the scandinavian countries leaving  forming their own union does nt go up
[us] since your leaders  which you re supposed to control as a us citizen btw  do nt bother with respecting international law in ukraine , do nt think the other side will play nice either .
[russia] poor men , forced into fucking a hooker , the plight of not being able to pick up a bar skank , forced into deprivation of using a call girl .
[us] after i got home from a trip to china i asked my rurallivin  minnesotan uncle if he d ever want to visit asia or europe .
[russia] same for eastern ukraine region  so most likely we ll see bigger invasion as nobody is going to stop putin  especially when he need a war to distract population from economic recession  .
[russia] it is the west that pursued hostile , passiveaggressive policies aimed at the rollback of russian influence and its very disintegration since the end of the cold war .
[russia] formal names  are used to communicate with people whom you barely know or want to express your respect  or exactly the opposite  to show you are not happy with their behavior if a person is familiar  .
[us] if portugal had the escudo they could have inflated their money to pay off debt and lower the value to compete better through weak price compared to euro .
[us] they are too busy bossing their  allies  around inside of the union while scolding them like children and saying how morally superior they are .
[us] i do however think we should be giving more funding , equipment  weapons to ukraine , not to mention offering training if we can through nato border countries  sharing as much intelligence about russian forces as we can with them .
[us] here in the us even insured people may often have to pay hundreds of dollars  which counts against their deductible which can be as high as  6000  to see a doctor
[russia] i hope i am wrong and kremlin does nt want to invade eastern ukraine  but after wars in georgia i know they are going to choose the most evil variant .
[us] you re telling me that the european union is leagues ahead in capability when it comes to quarantining a ebola epidemic in comparison to the united states
[russia] people voted for the most reliable guy , but it does nt mean they re less nationalistic , or overthrown president with 80  of supporters in southeast in a legitimate way .
[us] httpdienekes.blogspot.com201408indoeuropeansprecededfinnougrians.html  moreover , in the book horse , wheel and language , the author points out that the samifinnic word for  south  and  slave  respectively is derived from  aryan  e.g.
[us] let me know how you get a military that is nt  evil  to materialize from thin air seconds prior to a required defense of yourself or allies .
[russia] and let us not forget about poor poland , they always wanted to be friends , but evil russkies for some reason did not .
[russia] i some times forget about it until a sign in ukranian or someone speaking it  not so often in the east  returns me back to reality .
[us] nbsp  honestly , this is what i would recommend , and many  rightwing  organizations and parties have suggested that we give more money to refugee agencies and take less in ourselves .
[us] well , the date an fta is signed is a standstill , after that date then nothing can occur which adversely effects foreign corporate investors profits without it allegedly , unconstitutionally  this supersedes the constitution  being entitled to compensation from the taxpayers as a  taking  .
[us] a bunch of under maintained and supplied militaries put together does nt make one great fighting force , it makes one giant under maintained and undersupplied fighting force .
[russia] however there is no point in caring about population of rufed at the cost of slower sanctions since kremlin is apparently goes for neostalinist  fascist state and population will be harmed much more severely if this state wo nt be stopped asap .
[us] these largely unknown chemicals are everywhere in the environment , in plastic food packaging , in non stick cookware , in dental restorations , in matresses and sleepwear , in soda can liners , and dozens of other places . . httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpmcarticlespmc2713042 httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpmcarticlespmc3279464 httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpmcarticlespmc2718750reportprintable
[us] 50 years ago was 1964 , when israel controlled everything within  israel proper  and jews were an overwhelming absolute majority in the territory they controlled .
[russia] 157    hrw concluded that while south ossetian forces were responsible for endangering civilians by setting up defensive positions in close vicinity of civilian structures , georgia was responsible for the use of indiscriminate weapons such as grad mrl in densely populated areas , making the attack  unlawful  .
[russia] it s not required but police may harass you illegally if they think you re suspicious and detain you for made up reason   you look like a reported facial composite   until you prove your identity .
[us] others , within the eu , hide behind this conspicuous obstacle because they are still skeptical of what they see as a u.s.dominated nato .
[russia] i wonder is it because it is generally how you are or you care about casualties and safe of your troops , hard to tell   nonetheless , impressive .
[russia] when i read russian news compared to  western  or see a russian politics or news show i feel like i am living on a different planet .
[russia] plus in russia staterun commercial projects tend to fail miserably  unless it s something simple like excavating free resources from earth  so most likely visa and mc will stay here forever .
[russia] in your case it s also that any construction is uncomparably more profitable in moscow so there is no reason to build anything in other towns nearby .
[russia] i guess if they d actually were there it could stop ethnic cleansing when people were killed in queues for bread for being halfgeorgian  grandfather of my classmate in gudauta  or russian  my grandfather  .
[russia] was in yaroslavl  a short while back and the newly elected mayor was already in jail for  suspicion of bribery  , coincidentally the guy was for spravedlivaya rossiya  a rival party  .
[russia] and one of the main points of the latest putin s ellection program was the idea that he can  protect  russia from the west .
[russia] i forgot what sub this is and that russia is a barbaric horde hell bent on world conquer and killing everyone , apologizes enlightened citizen of rome , i ll go back to my cave .
[russia] in the 80 s the ussr started to show cracks , because of the horrible system it was under and the illfated efforts of gorbachev to reform it .
[russia] i m not assuming some shelves wo nt be empty once major supermarket chains run out of stock , but this title is a bit misleading .
[us] it really highlights a major difference between europeans and americans  and that is americans argue from an efficiency and  bottom line  standpoint and assume that those qualities in and of themselves will increase quality of life .
[russia] and yet here we are in a thread with hundreds of conspiracies and accusations taking at face value the unsubstantiated claim that these apcs entered ukrainian territory .
[us] you can argue all you want that jews  should nt  believe that , but they  do  , and until that changes , a circumcision ban is essentially making jewish identity illegal .
[russia] you basically kicked out one evil corrupt piece of shit so you can vote another one in and you are willing to die for them also which is the saddest part repeat five times , and you have a summary of ukraine s history for the past 20 years .
[us] it seems most people just do nt have a  well , it is what it is  but instead if you re cut then your parents are mutilating barbarians
[us] we re talking about the loss of a massive group of very tightly packed nerves that nature intended to be there  nbsp  can you give me a source for this
[us] except that the eu is not a nationstate with a centralized government , or armed forces , much less one with endemic corruption , a repressive policy towards minorities , and disrespect for civil liberties .
[us] ireland may have a whole bunch of people who can get by in irish or use it to gossip about foreigners , but that s hardly the same thing as having  fluent  speakers .
[us] the us and the uk keep up very close diplomatic relations because it is mutually beneficial , but as eisenhower proved this is a show ultimately run by the americans .
[russia] it was yanukovych who gave himself superpowers after the orange revolution stripped most of them from the president  like he brought back appointed governors to ukraine regions and so on  the question is whether they can give putin a little so he can declare victory or he ll insist on having puppet states in ukraine like in georgia .
[us] but at a time when finland had it s worst crisis practically nobody helped and they succeeded in keeping their independence on their own .
[russia] we get people from all over the world trying to make their way here , why are there so many africans on the coast of france trying to get into britain , why do nt they go to italy or estonia
[russia] yes , blame the peasants , because they were so stupid that caused their own starvation to death destroing crops and killing cattle is a historical fact .
[russia] 1   having been invited to be a keynote speaker at a conference  ...    2   the organisers find out i have reservations about the eu  ...    3   and they say ,  we are very sorry , we have already found a different keynote speaker  dunno about you , but inviting a speaker and then rejecting him because of his views counts as a repression of the free speech in my books .
[us] you only listen to those people who make arguments that make you feel good , and you have nt done any research  hard , dedicated research  reading those opinions who you do nt agree with right now .
[russia] economic inequality   cultural and religious differences , muh muslims   many single male immigrants from  stans   many of the latter are living in the horrible conditions .
[us] holy crap man it s just your dick  stop thinking so much about what it  could have been  and worry about more important things .
[russia] obviosuly i wo nt support putin just because the people here are so shitty , but nor will i cheer on for europe , not when i see that it is made up of the same people .
[russia] paradoxically ,  trolling  is the most mature way of conveying the situation here , because that s what she did at best , there is nothing more to this  if there is even that , this could be a simple present .
[russia] if you live in a 3rd world country , chances of them paying for any damage or health related issues is slim to none , people can not afford multi million dollar law firms or media coverage .
[us] i was  jokingly  offended that you we nt straight to americans for this joke , then i realized that i am an american who has to deal with these types of tourists in my own city .
[russia] and  obama started maidan  type of thing like the most of recent propaganda inventions are not a representation of what russians think , it s made to influence what we think and at this scale of media control it works very effectively .
[us] seriously , new jersey has the same gdp as sweden , pennsylvania has the same gdp as switzerland , washington state has the same gdp as austria , north carolina  norway , california  italy , texas  spain , illinois  netherlands , etc.
[us] if it means that i d rather watch liam neeson do some kicks to some guy holding his daughter hostage than a bollywood flick , then yeah  but the topic of  influence  is a whole other can of worms , and though i do nt want to get into it , i think it s a  keyword  used to imply things i do nt agree with .
[russia] in any given scenario in which europe is embracing ukraine , there is one  universal  outcome  such move would be seen by russia as  extremely  unfriendly .
[us] and that s why you should have to call your bank and sit on hold for a half hour before being allowed to purchase construction materials .
[us] japanese officials have estimated that fukushima daiichi has already released just over half as much total radioactive contamination as was released by chernobyl into the local environment , but other sources estimate it could be significantly more than at chernobyl .
[russia] but then i m not sure i ll care about your cries in the future when we ll need some buffer states to protect from another eu military campaign of  drag nach osten  .
[us] there are some american actors and it s nominally an american setting , sure , but what it really is a european romanticization of the old american west .
[us] i try to think in metric units , but it s hard when there s nothing we really use metric for besides soda bottles .
[russia] this reminds me of egypt again , what was essentially a liberal protest  lost to muslim brotherhood , because they were better at  working  locals , had better networks and proper structure .
[us] i m sure it is mostly due to being caught so they were acting sloppy plus russia is acting insane an obviously needs any attention it can get .
[us] regardless of whether or not they should be there , the fact that the prospect of their mass murder by palestinians provokes such a blas response tells you everything you need to know about thirdparties  stake in their conflict .
[us] usavannajeff is basically saying  trust us , we re experts  which would be exceedingly unwise , because its the equivalent of allowing a fox to guard a henhouse after innumerable chickens have already been found to be missing .
[russia] so far i have not seen any country leaving european union , neither did any of them dropped euro , nor anyone took the  leadership role  and proposed genius solution to european problems .
[us] u3  official  us unemployment rate  people are classified as unemployed if they do not have a job , have actively looked for work in the prior 4 weeks , and are currently available for work .
[us] japanese ,  american  or chinese tourists will land in paris , get on a bus , go to their hotel , spend more time queuing than seeing stuff , take 200 pictures of the eiffel tower , and visit 15 museums  14 more than they ve visited in their entire lives  , and then go back home .
[us] there s only one european country today that s shown an aggressive intent to expand and militarily annex land from other sovereign nations while making increasingly threatening gestures toward its neighbors ...
[us] here s a more detailed explanation  unfair  current borders fair  expansion of borders to include majority hungarians areas while still being contiguous ambitious  szekerland , a hungarianmajority exclave in transylvania  romania  .
[russia] however , we will help you take kosovo back from the islamist terrorists yet and make those nato dogs pay for bombing your country too .
[us] meanwhile russia , a country with a gdp the size of italy s , has managed to continue revive it s strategic bomber force , continue production of capitalintensive assets like warships and aircraft , and managed to pull off reasonablyimpressive operations given their limitations .
[russia] you can laugh all you want , but russia still has a massive number of icbms , the delivery systems to launch them and the space program to coordinate it all .
[us] so here you are , a few weeks after having visited the us and i m sure being very nice and friendly to people who were very welcoming to you , smiles all around , handshakes , and you go on reddit and just shit all over the us , talking about  pink slime  chicken mcgnuggets are made out of , as though everyone and their grandma s were nt already aware .
[russia] but that s difficult to know , as he disappointingly resorts to distortion , obfuscation , and sleight of hand to make his points .
[russia] however it should be noted that most citizens of rufed never change their place of residence thus do nt have a clue about actual situation and think it s just like in every other country around .
[us] so what , because researchers have to feed their families , best way being to write a book that takes a year or so , that makes them fraudsters somehow
[us] among economists , that s better known as the  doom loop .   a total lack of growth and inflation could put huge pressure on national budgets , and cripple the ability of governments to assist struggling banks , with credit ratings slashed all round .
[us] interesting , yet people freeze to death in europe while you talk about how superior eu is by a matter of centuries to life in america .
[us] if  order  is maintained through force instead of solidarity then maybe we need to change that , rather than defend it i ve got no idea what your point is here .
[us] the hiring policies of any town are usually set by the local government and agreed to with the union in charge of that department .
[russia] i already expressed my concerns about consequences of russia s actions in crimea in other threads , i do think that our actions will have bigger impact than some asset freezes and visa bans and bigger european military is one of them .
[us] the changes can increase corporate profits , so if a country eliminated regulations , that would be okay unless those regulations protected the corporation from some loss of profit .
[russia] not declaring your protest to authorities beforehand is a problem as it goes against the law by which any protest must be declared iirc in two days  it is not a permit though , authorities ca nt ban it  .
[russia] it s not putin , or fools , or corruption that messes up russia its the people like you and their endless moping fatalism .
[us] going from a relatively federallike state   in comparison to other unitary countries that is   to a dualstate to the determinant of everybody else in spain who s not catalonia .
[us] i mean i agree a hundred fucking percent shit needs to change and healthcare needs to be made more affordable , but we re talking about pandemics  emergency healthcare here .
[russia] also do nt forget that both the black sea and the baltic sea are controlled by natoallied forces and i guess most of the european territory of the russia will be in the reach of the us carriers .
[russia] i have no idea what is going on in our intelligence services heads though , regardless of my nickname  i think the situation will be dealt with in private as in most of those cases usually .
[us] the continent and countries within have much to teach the rest of the world , but nobody is going to listen or follow the example of european countries if they remain mired in stagnation .
[us] even germany passes up on needed investments it could make at very cheap rates that are essentially free because they only are concerned with debt above all else .
[russia] those are berkut , special police force which were firing who knows at what , based on how they re movingcovering at some combatants , they also talk about targeting open windows somewhere .
[russia] since we are on the topic of invasions anyway , give an evaluation of occupation of iran during ww2 for lendlease , united kingdom iceland  adventures  and so on .
[us] i was just blown away that someone from poland is upset that they are nt close enough to russia and are jealous of how well russia is doing .
[us] if our trading partners , such as the eu block , are completely unhinged , the us is going to care quite a bit .
[us] people ca nt be bothered to vote , they definitely are nt going to the trouble of voting for others on top of it .
[us] the system has to be set up to pass costs to the end user as much as possible . . see  skin in the game  .
[russia] but at the same time the eu does nt seem to offer the concrete benefits that russia does , and it has far more conditions .
[russia] who the fuck is this httpwww.youtube.comwatchvbsj2vv3jfcq i saw that video after yanukovych was deposed etc i am sure you saw video about a guy called muzichko or smtn with an ak .
[us] bruton parish church is no notre dame , but i mean it s still a large church , still is in use today , and it was used by people like george washington .
[us] here in the us the fastest growing state is north dakota with a 7.55  increase from 2010 to 2013 so that s 2.51  population growth .
[russia] if gm crops were open sourced and any farmer could produce those infertile f1 hybrids themselves , i would be much less worried about gm crops .
[us] i literally have tax money taken from me for you to be protected from russia by american military personnel in europe and you are complaining because poland is nt magically becoming rich by being isolationist which has never ever happened in their history .
[us] the only points i m trying to make is that it is much easier to grow after a serious contraction and that lowering taxes to the same levels everywhere would pull businesses away from ireland because they would lose their comparative advantage in that scenario on that particular facet .
[russia] i am saying that a variety of events , experiences and developments led to the conflict and presenting the issue as  adolf and stalin got together and decided to split poland and invade everyone around them  is fucking retarded and has nothing to do with how geopolitics work in  any historical period  .
[us] so basically , when travelling between shengen countries there is no passport check , but if you travel from the uk to a shengen country you still show a passport but are  virtually  guaranteed entry
[russia] very simple question  if what soviet union did was that wrong , terrible , outrageous  how come united kingdom and france did not declared war on it
[us] obama authorizes military aid to france for counterterrorism efforts    httpabcnewsradioonline.comworldnewsobamaauthorizesmilitaryaidtofranceforcounterterroris.htmlixzz3eivgvqqn    washington   president obama has authorized up to  10 million in military assistance to france to assist the country in its counterterrorism efforts in chad , mali and niger .
[us] lol  edit   honestly though , the most hilarious part , at least for me , is that germany was reluctant about joining the euro  france had to pretty much push them into it .
[us] it s not exactly a feature of common  british or american  english but  at least in the united states  used as an example of black vernacular english .
[russia] it look like they just do nt have a goal to save people , they have a goal to kill as few as possible .
[us] the last thing eu needs is isis terrorizing eu by sending people to eu while having a secure base of operations in middle east .
[russia] you see , i m a russian oligarch who s on a sanctions list , and i need help moving out us9 .5 million from an american bank .
[us] despite the presence of politicians calling obama a monkey and stuff like that , and despite all the negativity i ve been spewing here , i am optimistic that italy has the ability to solve such problems , and the outcry about the segregated busing policy is indicative of that .
[russia] imo , germany should step up to be a great power , but the interests of germany are not the same as the interests of the us , or even of europe or nato
[us] estonia s economy is so tiny i do nt think they could even afford a tunnel i mean sure finland could help too but i think estonia has more to gain so do nt know if finland would .
[russia] every week or two , wherever i go , people start speaking about politics like they were nt told it s not really appropriate and nice , and this word diarrhoea is always the same  .
[russia] well , not exactly ignored ,   neonazis   ultranazionalists did this  train of friendship  thing , sending hundreds of thugs to remind crimeans who they belong to .
[russia] antieuropeanantiwestern sentiments have skyrocketed it goes like this  maidan  no one gives a damn  disregard social media   maidan violence  fuck banderovtsyyay revolutionaries  revolution  fuck juntayay freedom for ukraine  crimea  yay putinwtf  saction inbound  fuck westoh crap  more saction inbound  fuck westoh crap it s mostly reactionary
[russia] jokes about persons mom in russia can lead to broken bones and visit to a doctor , this is simply a cultural difference , granted its not always as extreme as this , but the general attitude is quite different from western one .
[us] now , i do nt recall exactly where it was massively offensive to speak the wrong language in the wrong area  south of the city , maybe   .
[us] the practice divides human cultures into two groups , those who respect children s bodies and those who think the intact penis needs destructive surgical  correction .
[russia] when this thing started , i said that unless west wishes to make out of ukraine another poland during late 80 , early 90s  read up  debt forgiven , massive funding , basically a marshall aid plan times x  , they will fail .
[us] i ca nt recall all the examples , but the one that stood out to me was that farm workers were only about 13 1  2 as productive as west german farmers just because of the lack of technological investment and inefficiencies in the supply chain .
[russia] i get my information like any other person from open sources and the  background picture  i got from euromaidan was quite russophobic in its core  in my personal opinion  .
[us] backed by u.s. strikes , iraq kurds retake strategic dam    httpaf.reuters.comarticleworldnewsidafkbn0gi1bm20140819   baghdad  reuters   iraqi and kurdish forces recaptured iraq s biggest dam from islamist militants with the help of u.s. air strikes to secure a vital strategic objective in fighting that threatens to break up the country , kurdish and u.s. officials said on monday .
[us] httpwww.pewresearch.orgfacttank20131219globalinequalityhowtheuscompares  so , the above article includes this paragraph   before accounting for taxes and transfers , the u.s. ranked 10th in income inequality  among the countries with more unequal income distributions were france , the u.k. and ireland .
[russia] sanctions already done plenty and will continue to damage russian economy even more , right now russians do nt think much about them except rising prices on everything  which is a story of russia citizen life for more than 20 years  .
[russia] i dunno mate , we re all one people united by the flag of white , blue and red , standing for the principles of sovereign democracy , stability and order , one nation under godless skies , built on the soil soaked with blood of forefathers .
[russia] i understand that eastern europeanbaltics position in regards to soviet union has plenty of valid reasons and negative experiences , but what i never understood , is how people completely ignore everything that happened prior to the  start  of ww2 , sort a like its just happened out of the blue with zero  developments  in the past .
[us] what the hell is going on in the story from st louis  the two stories linked below  this appears to me to be an act with major gats implications . . where does the kmov story fit in
[us] yet water in most of the world is not even sold at anything like a  market  price  it s free or only sold at token prices , despite being a more urgent scarcity than fuels .
[russia] if we had dismanteled russia after the cccp collapsed , as i recall you tried that in the 90s , an absolutely dreadful period of time that gutted the russian economy and culture .
[russia] let s face it , the only reason orban is hated by liberals , internationalists , and the internationalist fauxleft is that he rescued hungary from the clutches of the imf , paid off debts and revived the economy , and reasserted his sovereignty from brussels and frankfurt .
[russia] i do nt know ukrainian , but some guy called lutsenko talks about him being arrested by crook yanukovych , blah , blah , blah , i m with you people and so on .
[us] furthermore , the us and the eu will include binding commitments to provide transparency , impartiality and due process with regard to licensing and qualification requirements and procedures , as well as to enhance the regulatory disciplines included in current us and eu ftas .
[russia] it used to be divided so many times that we should get rid of them nah , that s what i say about poland .
[russia] not to mention russian federation seems to be well prepared for this scenario  separated bureaucratic systems in different regions , regional visacitizenship system , etc.
[us] they ve all iterated it s a  uniquely european city  in the us even though its age is really not much different than charlestonsavannah or other wellpreserved american cities from the late 1600searly 1700s .
[russia] removing it was the only good thing dmitry medvedev did during his presidency   swiss has  joined sanctions against russian government   httptop.rbc.rupolitics02042014915296.shtml    unlike europe russia is not hesitating about economic sanctions and starting from april , 7 russia is  embargoing import of meat from poland and lithuania   httptop.rbc.ruretail02042014915135.shtml    lawmakers are  going to adjust jail terms for  organization of riots  for up to 15 years   httptop.rbc.rupolitics03042014915562.shtml   to allow substantial jail terms for any recidivism related to protests  i. e. being arrested for participation more than once    fsb  arrested and deported 25 ukrainian citizens   httpwww.newsru.comrussia03apr2014ntv25.html  for suspected terrorism activity , 3 of them will stay in jail for 2 weeks before deportation  because they did nt do anything serious  just confessed they are ukrainian  right sector  radicals  .
[us] 6  leef includes in his review   nothing does more to reduce violence and many other social ills than the rising standards of living that capitalism alone makes possible .
[us] this is the bullshit of the american right on display in comments section   does anyone care to guess what differs most between putin and obama
[us] they existed before the advent of the car , so they have many plazas and stores within walking distance that your improve quality of life .
[russia] sorry for long list of answers , complicated matters are hard to present in couple sentences and they would give quite an inaccurate viewpoint otherwise .
[russia] i do nt think that many except the poor and foreigners and  experts  are listening to putin , his words usually are smoke and mirrors .
[us] we have seen nearly 200,000 people sign a petition demanding that greens be included in the leaders  debates based on natural justice and fairness .
[russia] as bystander , its looks like ukrainians believe that eu will magically solve all its problems and things would start to get better for them .
[us] since you claim to know so much about ftas , i asked you to  watch this interview   httpwww.democracynow.org2014620aplanonlybanksterswilllove  , or read it , which is lori wallach being interviewed  on a very popular radiocable tv show ,  democracy now  she was interviewed in june about tisa . . she brought up something which has made me wonder a lot too . . tisa appears to be referring to gats and gats s  standstill  . .
[us] female genital mutilation causes serious painful damage , whereas circumcision is literally an extra piece of skin that has no real affect on functionality ... not quite the same
[us] it and automation is making people less important and with the loss of importance , the concessions which characterized the latter two thirds of the previous century are being rolled back .
[us] they attempt to pretend that the lessons of the 2008 gfc never happened and continue with deregulation when deregulation in the financial context has proven to be the worst possible thing for the people of a great many countries .
[russia] if they have  human rights  , we ca nt use pest control against them , although pest control is also a way to protect their species as well , ensuring that they do nt eat all of their own food .
[russia] eu proposal for bilateral association remains on the table and we see no role for third countries in this process .  simply joining eu trade agreement and russian trade agreement wo nt work , because it s indirect trade attack on russia  for example , one can buy cheap polish apples and then sell them as ukrainian apples with 0  import tax  .
[us] otherwise , in 20 or 30 years , everybody is going to be getting cancer at a young age and endocrine disrupting chemicals will have ruined a great many lives irreversibly in all sorts of ways .
[us] you can adjust the date range at the top , but please note that prior to the late80s  early90s the graph is mostly showing the  scarcity of women   httpwww.motherjones.comfilesimagesblogemploymentpopulation2554menwomen.jpg  in the workforce .
[us] examples   after surgery , surprise  117,000 medical bill from doctor he did nt know  nytimes.com   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.html   debate grows over employer plans with no hospital benefits   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014september26employeeinsurancehospitalizationcoverage.aspx   out of network , not by choice , and facing huge health bills   httpwww.nytimes.com20131019yourmoneyoutofnetworknotbychoiceandfacinghugehealthbills.html   federal rule allows higher outofpocket spending for one year   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgfeaturesinsuringyourhealth2013061113michelleandrewsoutofpocketcosts.aspx   hidden costs for  fully covered  care can slam patients  wallets   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014october09charlotteobserverhiddencostsforfullyinsuredpatients.aspx
[us] i wonder how many wellmeaning activists this will depress , who will go on to get postgrad english degrees and say fuck it because one campaign failed .
[us] it s the same thing china is planning for in relation to any possible confrontation with the united states over those disputed territories in the south china sea .
[russia] let s see how their mood will change 6 months later after tourist season fail , skyrocketed food prices , limited economic support from russia as putin is already struggling with recession in russian economy .
[russia] if you say that those civilian victims are just collateral damage , is there one example of attack on civilian building that was justified by armed separatists hiding there
[russia] there already was a war in the region in 1992  httpen.wikipedia.orgwiki1991e280931992southossetiawar  , after which a peacekeeping mission was created , so russia did have diplomatic grounds to participate in the war .
[russia] they have some points there because of 90s , the time when russia was ruled by   full retard   liberals  which is arguable , but generally correct  which were showing themselves as irresponsible , corrupt and horribly incompetent and 90s is generally considered as a time of total disaster .
[russia] i do nt much care for ukip since i do not live in the uk and as such whether they are  independent  or not is nt a matter of great concern to me .
[us] it is not what they really believe  at least not the sadistpervert ringleaders of  medical  antiforeskin activism like  vernon quaintance   httpwww.circleaks.orgindex.phptitlevernonquaintance  ,  jake waskett   httpwww.circleaks.orgindex.phptitlejakeh.waskett  , and  brian morris   httpwww.circleaks.orgindex.phptitlebrianj.morris   .
[us] but you are right , i would anticipate that one or more of these would make the top 10 or 20 list on arwu and the german system relies on these heavily .
[us] the united states , in my opinion , is merely allowing it for the time being because we figure it ll hurt russia , iran  venezuela in the shortterm more than it ll hurt us in the longterm .
[russia] also , ukraine ca nt just abolish regional languages , because it s a member of european charter for regional or minority languages  russia is nt  .
[russia] yes , they are clearly did nt forgot anything yet idiotic government allow them to cross the border as if they were nt enemies .
[russia] naturally a lot of people who attend high quality uni s have a tendency to leave the country or concentrate around moscowst . petersburg .
[russia] also , crimea is not the only town on the peninsula , so maybe it s 60  of crimean population and 80  of gross population of the peninsula .
[us] no one is going to earn any points with me by being neutral and refusing to take sides between a wolf and a sheep .
[russia] sure , ukraine has a lot of blood on its hands too in donbass , you guys went in guns blazing and turned a lot of civilians against you with indiscriminate shelling .
[us] elections are tomorrow , the gop are likely going to pick up a very slim majority in the senate , and then they wo nt ratify any grand free trade agreements for the next two years .
[russia] supply lines are being established , russia is seeking money  possibly technologiesmarket opportunities in asia , we are slowly drifting away from each other .
[russia] the russian government exacted impobssible requisiton levels on ukraine , sent forcese in to take food from homes and directly caused the death of at least 4 million ukrainians
[us] if the eu , even finland , is attacked , america is going to war because to not would risk our relationship with our other nato  eu members   which annoys me to a certain degree since countries can basically use the eu to get american protection while ignoring nato commitments   .
[us] i mean , russia lost the cold war once , but at least the ussr had that whole solidasabloc thing we call the warsaw pact going on .
[us] none of us know what their plan is exactly , but its wise to assume that their goal is to do with these ftas what they wanted to do with mai and the most extreme directions that they could have taken gats .
[us] that is a region of the country that politicians regularly get votes by pushing reactionary social issues like dog whistle racism , openly pushing religion in public schools and in government , discrimination against gays , etc.
[us] and if you are talking about during the roman empire , they still  were nt the same people  because the italians conquered the spaniards .
[us] i simply was trying to find examples of my own that did nt allow me to condemn over one billion people like they are less than human .
[us] just like now i would prefer more done to help ukraine but i understand that attempts were made to give russia a diplomatic out .
[russia] moreover , for example , submission about  100  voters on crimean referendum was  removed  from the subreddit , when people understood that it was just a mistake .
[russia] the larger picture includes the fact that european union and united states actively participated in undermining yanukovych s regime , expressed all kinds of support and financed euromaidan to a certain extent .
[us] the heads of france s army , navy and air force , along with the military chiefofstaff , made the unprecedented threat at a meeting last week , according to defence sources .
[russia] well , you could nt get multimillion kickbacks back then and even if you could , you could nt really spend them on a miami apartment or a fur coat vault .
[us] if my arabic s any good , i think it s because the bet el sign just says  bet el  in arabic  a transliteration of the hebrew , not a different name  , while the sign for jerusalem says  uralim  alquds  .
[us] i do nt know what the right answer is , but i have a hard time with my government chasing kids away from the border .
[us] when the soviets shot down that korean airliner in the 80s , we howled about it but ultimately did nothing  other than release gps to everyone  because in all fairness it  had  strayed very close to soviet territory .
[us] in chemical and biological weapons  research  and vivisection by saying that they would be  more useful to the nation  being poisoned and then dissected alive than anything else they could do  .
[russia] i knew you would seize that point when i wrote it  , even though i never put any value in that point and never hinged any of my arguments on it .
[russia] russia  ,  we are not shocked , shame is nt manly   httpwww.washingtonpost.comopinionsanneapplebaumtheendoftherussianfairytale201407183e42715a0eab11e4b8e5d0de80767fc2story.htmlhpidz3   july , 14  rebels in donbabwe shot down ukrainian military transport plane an26 on 6500m height and claimed they did it using  igla  man pad  however it s impossible for man pad missiles to reach heights above 5000m and  ukrainian officials have declared they can prove rebels used powerful mechanized  buk  aa missile systems delivered from russia   httptop.rbc.ruincidents15072014936606.shtml   possibly with help of radars located in russia  rebels changed their mind and declared they ve used  buk  systems which were captured few days ago on ukrainian territory  ukrainian officials said those systems were nt working , there were no missiles for them , they could nt be restored into combatready state  so  buks  were delivered from russia definitely   wikipedia article in english about buk systems   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibukmissilesystem   .
[russia] sochi was nt cheap , in fact my friends from sochi spend their holidays on ski resorts in turkey , georgia , austria , ukraine because it s cheaper  or better  than krasnaya polyana .
[us] they leave because they know that if hey get sick in the us , its likely to take everything they have , even if they have insurance .
[russia] getting out of the country is actually easy  still   if you do not belong to 2  millions people working for the state or do not plan to return .
[russia] half of personnel quit their jobs today after shareholder  mamut  had to fire chief editor and manager under direct pressure of putin s administration .
[russia] somehow i doubt it , after all , almost everything in terms of electronics is being produced in the west , nations without machines or means to repair them in 21st century are destined to fail .
[us] if americans knew what was being done in our names , we would not want europeans to end up in  the situation we are in today   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.html  .
[us] if you had grown up in the cold war you d know that the days of us forces driving across farmers fields for exercises are long gone .
[russia] hard to pinpoint exactly , but the amount of negativity was always pretty high in regards to pretty much any issue , but then again i am not  an old guard  of this sub , so i might be wrong .
[russia] and  what makes you think that russia will not use turmoil caused by harsh economic conditions to further destabilize ukraine and annex eastern parts of it   .
[us] it is , but the united states   in my opinion   is tolerating it for now because we judge it s effect on russia   as a bargaining chip with ukraine    iran   as a bargaining chip with those highlevel nuclear talks   outweighs it s negative effect on us .
[us] if you did nt charge outright , you would have to raise taxes  this would be the ideal scenario  , which is never a popular option .
[russia] maybe we should lend konigsberg to you for a couple of years , so that instincts would kick in and we could get the party rollin
[russia] it is sad to see how russian budget is being  forecast  for 3 years in advance by our ministries only to change outlooks every 3 months or so  naturally downward trend  .
[russia] to be fair ,  rebels  have no planes , so the only planes that fly around there  up until now  were the ones that bombed cities , villages and whatnot .
[us] people were told we have to  pass the bill to see what s in it  everybody was promised affordable care  but of course , the  stakeholder  industries are addicted to easy money , since they own washington , why not
[russia] actually if 3 serious people think it s fascist state  it s really fascist state  if you do nt remember  illarionov was in putin s government  .
[us] if you did you probably would ve never got proper healthcare because they would ve denied you at the hospital if your credit card did nt clear .
[russia] right before he was practically appionted in office of president there were series of bombings of apartment complexes , and tv made everithing to convince people that the next bombing may happen in their house .
[russia] there s 3 1 options left in russia   defacto stateowned channels those have its own news programs or political shows  independent  usually sat  channels those have no political news at all  euronews , probably censored or edited last option  online streaming only .
[us] you said americans come in here and tell you what to do on reddit , so why in the world would you think i was talking about the real world
[us] while this is indeed a sick burn , maybe the swedes could consider sending over that  good partner  and  manual  for resolving ethnic conflicts with mutually incompatible claims that they are apparently hoarding
[us] oh , my favorite story about hanging out with bosnians was watching bosnia play in the world cup when they got cheated out of a goal and lost .
[russia] it may not have been as unambiguously successful as estonia or poland  or belarus , surprisingly enough  , but it has significantly improved its position relative to say ukraine and hungary .
[russia] like i read john reed s  ten days that shook the world  which is explicitly procomminust , however it actually led me to asking questions  why trotsky appear as often as lenin , why stalin is absent , why communists have to make a coalition with left srs , etc.
[russia] yet despite the massive losses , and albeit with substantial aid from us and britain , we managed to not only halt the nazi assault but drive them back and be the first allied force to enter berlin .
[russia] people here feel themselves insecure , inferior , useless because they can not change anything  thus irrational behavior is much more common than in  normal  countries .
[russia] lately even russians do nt want to be in the same state with other russians within rufed  and they demand separate set of laws   federalization  events in siberia and kaliningrad  .
[us] do nt count on newly exported gas from the us , the energy companies have vastly overstated it s extent in the past and its possible they are doing that now in hopes of turning ttip and its isds into a bailoutcover up of the ponzi investors . .
[russia] 1  putin is awful public politician with zero to none debates experience , he speaks his mind openly  2  apparently  exussr territory is belong to us  doctrine does not presume there are any longterm allies  only future targets for  protectivehumanitarian invasions  .
[russia] they does look like preparations for a war  with ukraine at least and then maybe with us and nato if they ll decide to participate .
[russia] it is very fortunate that in many ways the chinese foreign policy shows far more calculation and restraint than the us one , they play a nice little game of pressuring their neighbours whilst being extremely noninterventionist  in a military sense  elsewhere .
[russia] a pew poll   httpwww.pewglobal.org20140508despiteconcernsaboutgovernanceukrainianswanttoremainonecountry  after the referendum to join russia found that 88  crimeans supported the notion that kiev should accept it and only 4  were against , saying kiev should not accept the referendum .
[russia] some people express the opinion that what russia should have done was bribe not the entirety of ukraine , but establish a bunch of prorussian ngo s and formulate a clear prorussian narrativebias through various programs , cultural festivals , years of russia in ukraine and whatever the other shit that ngo s do .
[russia] i mean really , government in kiev is already almost as antirussian as it gets , why would russia stop in its quest to secure its interest and move borders away
[russia] poland and baltics were a buffer to move the border several hundred kilometers from soviet union , geopolitically it made perfect fucking sense in the same way how soviets wanted to move the border with finland in regards to st.petersbourg .
[russia] there was nt development like china due to economic reforms coming in too late , in the 80 s , and the economic reforms that came were rather crappy more or less .
[us] but the history of our country involves european immigration to an already populated area and the descendants of those immigrants forcefully and bloodily expelling the indigenous population from their land and confining them to reservations .
[russia] i mean this is not rocket science that consequences would follow russia s actions and we will have troubles with all kind of shit starting from joint ukrainian designed military tech to western financial systems and so on .
[us] the yanks are very antsy about the eu deepening its joint , nonnato military capability because it would take importance away from the nato , and also sideline turkey .
[russia] come here , draw a sign with this request  or any sign  , try to stand with it in the center of moscow for authorities to see .
[russia] clap clap clap   how does it feel when literally every single country that has escaped your sphere of influence since the 90s is better off than it was under soviet rule , and better off than mommy russia itself
[us] uk newspaper articles are good and all , but until the german political establishment realizes that they are making a big mistake , nothing will change their stubborn ways .
[us] tisa , actually , i think the services stuff is in tisa and europeans have been intentionally convinced its in ttip to get them to waste a year barking up the wrong tree .
[us] free trade agreement threatens pbs   httpwww.bilaterals.orgfreetradeagreementthreatenspbs  the threat of the transpacific partnership agreement to australia s pharmaceutical benefits scheme is so real that michael moore , ceo of the public health association of australia , has said  it will cost australian lives  .
[us] and history has shown that this is a bad thing , with larger countries picking apart smaller , disorganized nationstates at their leisure  see the partitions of poland or how the british worked the indian states against each other to conquer the entirety of the subcontinent .
[russia] dunno wtf is that about , but ukrainians love to tell scary stories how evil russian spetznaz was summoned from moscow etc  same happended during orange revolution when yushenko  tymosheko got in power  .
[us] it may come to the point of the northern regions deciding to break away from the southern regions and form their own new country .
[russia] it s even more interesting that tymoshenko praised the work of police in odessa on may 2 , and police colonel dmitry fuchedzhy , who was seen among prorussians , got a raise .
[russia] journalists of several russian independent outlets  yes , there is such thing  visited the cemetery where leonid supposed to be buried , and found his fresh grave , indicating that he indeed died on august 19 .
[russia] in ten years time you ll be embarrassed that you supported the coup in kiev and believed so hard in the lies just to spite russia .
[us] my cousin went to uga and between the hope scholarship and other grantsscholarships she got out with a degree in economics for free  lived offcampus with 3 other students and paid   6k in total rent over her entire 4 years  .
[us] every year millions of dollars of potential financial aid goes undistributed because people did nt take the 20 minutes to fill out the form .
[russia] its not like georgia is eager to join eurasian union or anything like that , just mainly damage control and reestablishment of trade ties , makes sense .
[russia] separatists in donetsk are ordering jews to register ... after which they throw some maidan activists into a bear pit while tucking into a delicious dinner of ukrainian babies .
[us] i am one of the few people i know that have been to portugal , and let me be the first to say , your country is beautiful .
[russia] compare this to united states who had zero unemployment , became the richest country in the world with gigantic industrial machine , acquired former british empire markets and many , many , many other things .
[russia] 6 republics out of 15 boycotted the referendum , some of them have announced the independence at that point , and were let go from the union without any bloodshed .
[russia] there are  1700 russian schools in ukraine  8m russians live in ukraine  , and only  15 ukrainian schools in russia  2m ukrainians with russian passport live in russia  .
[us] of course we spend money if it is our interest , but a stable and peaceful world is not just in the us s interest , it is in europe s interest as well .
[us] bubble burst   since japan s real estate and stock market bubble burst in the early 1990s , companies have focused on cutting debt and shifting manufacturing overseas .
[russia] in order to take on territory you need years of preparations , logistical and military training  including stuff like instructors from other countries like israel and whatnot  and so on .
[us] either europeans will develop the security and defense identity they have advertised for so long , so europe can have its own credible voice in a world not only run by soft power , or given the expense and difficulties of defeating even libya , they will simply stop trying .
[us] did nt realize there was such open hostility towards those from other places who wish to have an open discussion about issues regional and international .
[us] french military heads threaten to resign over  grave  defence cuts    httpwww.telegraph.co.uknewsworldnewseuropefrance10852165frenchmilitaryheadsthreatentoresignovergravedefencecuts.html   french army , navy and air force chiefs and its joint chiefofstaff threaten to resign over military spending cuts , with jeanyves le drian , defence minister , warning they would render foreign operations impossible    france s top four military chiefs have threatened to resign if the government makes more cuts to their budget , with the defence minister warning a further drop in spending would leave it   unable to conduct new operations   abroad .
[russia] add to this that only complete retard will load trucks to their max capacity if it is known that the road is quite tricky  potholes from the shelling and the shelling itself  , and you ll get trucks loaded by may be 13 of their volume .
[russia] so what s so unusual in people from crimea , which was gifted by ussr 60 years ago purely for administrative reasons and which never was ukrainian in the first place , use russians flags
[russia] tl  dr noone believes this is going to end soon , but the only way it does end is with russia acceding to demands to remove itself from ukraine .
[russia] there was a report about ukrainian border service checking trucks on their way out , to what you replied with  ukraine has no control over its border  .
[russia] anyhow , i m having fun envisioning  umrs  thinktankfairy enjoying her retirement in a niqab c. 2050 , staring longingly at the russian empire just east of the dnieper  the last remaining outpost of civilization in europe .
[us] anyways it sounds like you re trying to make this a competition and say that the us is more racist than europe towards roma which makes me laugh .
[us] looking at reurope , you d think the rest of the world is doing just fine and the eu is the only thing holding europe back from greatness .
[russia] i like an idealism of  u3dom but apparently any major clashes in the big cities or countrywide turmoil would lead to military dictatorship , hopefully collaborative one .
[russia] and there is generally a lot of problems with prowestern views in russia , to put it briefly  they re heavily discredited and rarely fully supported even by russian  liberals  .
[russia] it s the government of the maidan that formed a militia and instituted a draft to supress the very kind of action which put it into power from happening again .
[russia] they play hard and dirty with the rules in the interests of empire  just because they use soft power more often than not does nt excuse it .
[us] demographics aside  which is a valid argument for sure  the issue that most people miss is that debt is only relevant to talk about in terms of debt to gdp , not just alone .
[us] that the 2008 financial crisis has turned into what it is today in the us  unemployment below 7   is a clear example of this .
[us] when a government puts things in a secret fta that they could not ever get by means of the ballot box , that effect millions of peoples well being and health , and then lies about it , pathologically , i have a problem with that .
[us] engineers , scientists , and digital entrepreneurs below the age of 40 should be a priority , because they are the most likely to set up new companies and boost the growth of the economy .
[russia] i believe a limited conventional conflict between the two is possible , but so absolutely risky that the option is nt really an option .
[us] like the napoleonic wars , wwi , wwii , crimean war , francoprussian war , all the wars the british  french empires fought , the latin american wars of independence , etc.
[russia] are you just being wilfully ignorant here , because you sound more like an american who never heard of geopolitics rather than a brit who probably should read more about foreign policy than an american who does nt need to on the account of superpower status .
[us] the industrialists and capitalists have had no problem leveling mountains throughout appalachia to get at coal and i doubt they ll have any qualms doing similar to get at oilgas .
[russia] people blame strelkov , but he commands the dpr , whereas the buk accused of the act was under the command of the lpr .
[us] so i do nt see why it s a negative why , if someone from ardmore alabama comes across a dutch guy and wants to talk to him .
[russia] circumstances of conflict also varied  there was this fight for independence 20 years ago from south ossetia and abkhazia  and i d say russia s actions in regards to georgia were justified to a bigger extent , than what we are doing in crimea right now .
[us] people already complain about the ep being undemocratic , so the solution is most certainly  not  to even further cut down the number of people running the show .
[us] to verify , see the recently released   directives for the negotiation on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership between the european union and the united states of america   httpdata.consilium.europa.eudocdocumentst111032013dcl1enpdf    for discussions of gats interpretations and the historical and legal context used to construe them , see   public services in bilateral free trade agreements of the eu  by markus krajewski   httppapers.ssrn.comsol3papers.cfmabstractid1964288   gats and public service systems   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm   public services and the scope of the general agreement on trade in services  center for international environmental law ciel.org   httpwww.ciel.orgpublicationspublicservicesscope.pdf
[us] while the scots can do whatever they want , the reduction of a senior european military , and one of two nuclear arsenals in western europe , is of concern to many people on an international scale .
[russia] i seriously doubt kremlin is trying to attract anyone  migrants are cheaper than citizens , there are already like 10 millions of them in the country  .
[us] they should be worried about their own government , the tens of thousands of people who died in the caucasus in the first and second chechen wars , and the suspicious  bombings   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikirussianapartmentbombings
[us] it s a huge country , there s a lot to see there , and it has an element of mysteriousness to it that lot of other countries in europe do not .
[us] i do nt like russian actions by their government , but you are absolutely right that russia has the right to arm itself and have a modern military .
[russia] now i see some people openly question putin s sanity  common opinion  he s sane but can not change his course even if it looks like political and economical suicide  and talk about possibility of resistance as nobody want to sink with him .
[russia] however in the list for this week i ve skipped links to videos of endless military columns heading to the west borders of russia .
[russia] russia   29  edit  i removed the other countries  data from the tables in order to avoid a false impression that russia is doing not so bad  amid europe  .
[russia] this combination resulted in lesser purchasing power  especially among poorest people  and suddenly population  which was convinced by kremlin s own propaganda to believe  ukrainian separatists  are real  not fsb agents ,  lost  russian soldiers , gru spetsnaz , bandits and russian volunteers armed by kremlin   this population is now seriously considering  ukrainian variant  for russian federation , people believe they can revolt and break away from kremlin  east ukrainian style  i overheard some conversations about  uprising against kremlin fascists  in public  in relatively rich moscow region , just few kilometers away from kremlin    people in the government have realized they are just few   of rouble exchange rate away from civil war and revolution  and started preparations to the war against population .
[us] does she mean simply a physical book , cover to cover ,  understandable if she now reads books converted to ebook form  or  not read any new literature   very bad
[us] i m not saying that it s wrong to defend existing industries  our cities and towns lose character when amazon or walmart move into the picture  but i think we can all agree that it comes at a cost .
[us] this is the kind of wideeyed naivete that helped absolutely ruin russia in the 90s and led to putin  not that i m saying catalonia would be in that path , but there really have to be some serious discussions more than just  ens roba espanya  and  serem lliures  .
[us] i see the pros of a small , technocratic body that , while not a equal , acts as a guide to the lower house .
[russia] lithuania s minister of foreign affairs linas linkevicius has said that lithuania , which holds the presidency of the european union , rejects a proposal by the ukrainian cabinet of ministers to establish trilateral dialogue between ukraine , russia , and the european union , the interfax ukraine news agency reports .
[russia] during this whole time russia was portrayed not in a positive light , whenever i tuned in into live streams such as expresso , spilno and others i kept on hearing the same fucking shit that was during orange revolution of 2004 ,  russian tanks are coming  ,  chechen spetsnaz is almost there  ,  russian intelligence is everywhere   .
[us] stop pretending you are nt racist because you do nt hate blacks and realize that race is more than just the color of someones skin .
[us] from what i know , i suspect a major cause of the problems in the uk is also something that has caused a lot of problems in the us , which almost nobody knows about there , either .
[russia] it would surprise me if russia is nt already building up an eastern city to act as a  second capital  over the next 50 years .
[us] i really dought  50  of the population each have similar interests , but most vote strategically so the ideological enemy wo nt be elected .
[us] problem is , the way things are set up now , at least here , if you are a small inventor , with a great idea , you can almost guarantee that whatever your idea is , it will get stolen from you and you ll be left bankrupted if you try to defend it .
[us] sure , it s very easy to hold and you get a nice little bonus each turn , but by the end of the game it wo nt really matter since your opponents have taken over much of the world by that point and just have to wait for the army bonuses to flush you out .
[russia] i do nt give a flying fuck if he s ukrainian and emotional , i can be emotional too , but you do nt see me calling ukrainians  fascists and nazis  even though some sovoboda members do qualify under that label .
[russia] or maybe the owners of travel agencies think that all travel abroad will be restricted soon and prefer to run away with the cash first .
[us] privatizations are one way , its quite similar to gats in that respect , in fact , ttip refers to gats so much in its  mandate  document that i suspect a great deal could be learned by reading up on gats on sites like policyalternatives.ca just do a search for gats there .
[us] like i said , you re a stupid neckbeard with a inferiority complex who s only reason for going against the grain is to grab attention .
[russia] i think he did nt ask for a pardon because his family , lawyer , and penitentiary system itself did nt know about it before putin s declaration .
[russia] his style is to claim that by military intervention he would defend the territorial integrity of ukraine from  fascists  who captured western part of ukraine .
[us] the only hope russia could ever have of gaining nato territory is if they launched a lightening assault on the baltics , dugin , and kept it limited to the baltics by forcing a stalemate with tactical nukes before nato could really mobilize , with the very real threat of escalating to icbms .
[russia] as for as equally as bad soviet union , please give me an equivalent of generalplan ost or jew extermination campaign by soviet union .
[russia] stocks becomes valueless    authorities have opened pandora s box with their support of idea of federalization of ukraine   more russians got an idea to create local republics to pay less taxes to kremlin   httpbramaby.comlsblogrus1171.html  and to replace federal laws with local ones  it s within constitution  , now authorities have to fight against their own idea and they are breaking a lot of their own laws  not to mention it s against common sense .
[us] they re not a fucking superpower  not that it would be  right  if they were  , they do nt get buffer zones , they do nt get satellite states .
[russia] i lack in terms of lies , because i would like to hear an explanation from native ukrainian from shit i see on the internet , because the way i see it , this is a very dangerous game with potentially grave consequences .
[russia] in fact it s exactly the same  there is military on streets but everyone is calm and believe everything is fine  until one day you turn on tv and see people shooting each other not far from your home , and then couple days later you see exactly the same picture but in your window this time .
[us] also , i have a friend from finland who told me that finnish media makes the us out to be much more deranged and nutty than we actually are .
[us] tu95s have been flying all over europe and north america for decades , it s not really a big deal , it s a show of force , similar to the united states flying b2 spirits or b52s over europe , which we did recently .
[us] why dont write communist regime this would be more of a classless , stateless society which i would argue the gdr probably was nt .
[us] in case you did nt notice , one guy from liberia just brought this virus to my country , and in a few days it has spread to at least two and almost certainly more .
[russia] not the highest quality one that s interesting , most vodka drinkers are very nationalistic about their national vodka p what is good vodka in your view
[us] it might be good economically in the shortterm because you can more precisely manage your economy , but in the longterm , the strength provided by a union of 70 million people provides safety .
[russia] is nt russian military tech pretty much outdated soviet era piece of shit and during 2008 georgian conflict we were a laughing stock in the press
[us] he s probably referring to the fact that meat  particularly beef  is bad for the environment because of the huge multiples of pounds of cornsoy needed to produce a pound of meat .
[us] in the long term europe should rely be pushing for pipelines to the middle east , iran , and africa as well as developing their own supply .
[russia] by 1939 axis was pretty much formed and was looking for targets so to speak , given mine provided historical dates here is japan testing soviets httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisovietjapaneseborderconflictsbattleoflakekhasan 2 paragraps only .
[us] it does nt matter that if the young russian population wants to fight a war , look at my county s history in vietnam  young americans protested the war heavily yet many still went to fight , dozens of thousands died , and the whole time protests raged at home .
[russia] it is the right  good thing unlike prolonging the agony of this dying empire for few more decades  rufed  will  start more wars , kremlin has already started 6 wars in 23 years  .
[russia] i d say it was ussr s politburo despite their rule ended up with staged coupdetas to steal whole county and place present  extremely strange  regime on the throne .
[russia] i think its been already 1 or 2 months since shootings and its about damn time to report some results  being backed by international community preferably  .
[us] there s a ton of putin apologists because the left defends russiaputin because they are the  or one of the   opposing forces  against the united states  bastion of unfettered capitalism  .
[russia] haha , anyway , i kid , i m just picking on you now p still , you do realise that the  traffic  part of  trafficking  usually refers to the fact that women are moved  from  eastern europe and  into  western europe
[us] the aerial campaign does nothing to deal with the power vaccuum that allowed isis to expand in the first place , so it will do nothing to change the situation on the ground .
[russia] not all admittedly , many europeans do nt mind nazi ideology if it s against russians , naturally  we re dehumanized to the point when it seems perfectly fine .
[us] it was set up to be more of a  matriculation  for wealthy families instead of a  educate the working class population in bulk numbers  system .
[russia] small edit  my cheap shot was also about soviet union engagement in afghanistan , we stayed there for 10 years , i would like to think that we learned the lesson with prolonged campaigns in other countries .
[russia] edit  we ve pulled leftover from the deposit account , but , as far as the exchange rate in fucking spermbank was ridiculously higher  above 60
[us] i think his point is that germans are unable to move pass their genocidal past thus they re unable to project power because of it .
[russia] well , seeing how we did not kill anyone in crimea and the land is ours  well , fair enough , stolen from the turks 300 years ago  , definitely no shame .
[us] for the american system though , i would only change two things structurally   electoral districting put in the hands of the judicial branch to counter gerrymandering  electoral college organized along the congressional district method , with the electoral votes being distributed based on the popular vote winner within each of the state s congressional districts  the statewide popular vote winner receiving two additional electoral votes representative of the senate seats .
[russia] russia   ak47 inventor mikhail kalashnikov dies at age 94  two pussy riot members released from prison during amnesty  now they are going to start prisoners  rights group   all arctic sunrise crewmembers released under amnesty  russia repays soviet debts to czech republic , finland , montenegro  russian police uncover illegal amber stash worth  30m  russian police seize 100 tons of counterfeit vodka   sochi environmental activist jailed for 3 years   httpwww.themoscowtimes.comnewsarticlesochienvironmentalactivistjailedfor3years491958.html   vitishko and gazaryan had been calling attention to what they said was the local governor s property , located in a national forest where construction is forbidden .
[russia] i do not hear about european officials going to center of stambul and declaring their support in their fight against  terrible oppressive regime  , i do not see any u.s congressman or folks from state department either .
[us] in a fair trade agreement , a ratchet clause is one that stops one state from taking measures to lower its level of openness visavis the other state .
[russia] my favorite quotes   for years government agencies are considering pros and cons of various decisions , now the fsb just  sells  threats to the president .
[us] a carbon tax is an excellent way to get there , but getting past peak oil will also naturally push the world in this direction .
[russia] imo the equivalent of those who say celebrating upa was still ok if you discount the genocide because it was a resistance movement is like saying that celebrating stalin is ok if you discount the genocide because it was a nazi resistance leadergreat industrialiser .
[russia] it is hard to tell what is going on in the heads of  the people  , but one thing can be said for sure  there is a lot of bullshit in there , which was fed to them for about 20 years .
[russia] our company compared with 2006  warehouse space 1300 m  2   200 m  2 , 3 trucks   0 trucks , 24 employees   4 employees , own production   no own production , repairs  maintenance services   no repairs  maintenance services .
[us] to be frank , the irish in the us had a very rough go of things for a long time and eventually thrived over here .
[russia] i m guessing that in any other context , 90   of the russophobic and proislamist terrorism commentators of  reurope would have guessed the former two .
[russia] all you guys do is talk big and hide behind stronger and more advanced nations like germany , france , netherlands , uk and others .
[russia] registracia   which is strongly linked to property ownership rights and act more like  localizedtemporary citizenship   if you do nt own another real estate you can legally live within estate where you have  registracia  indefinitely without consent of other tenants  so citizens either have to purchase real estate to acquire  localized citizenship  or bribe someone to get their passport stamped with local visa  i heard about case where 40,000
[us] all i m saying is , do nt act so surprised when jews get mad , considering what you propose is effectively an expulsion of jews .
[us] you may not be stopped by police for being black in europe but you better believe i heard people saying things all the time in everyday conversation that would get them their ass beat here in the states .
[us] i might answer my own question by saying i see . gov a lot but is . gov american only or can other countries governments have . gov websites
[us] so to answer your question , yes , government spending is very important during recessions since nobody else will be willing to spend money and break the cycle .
[us] whereas one could reliably predict what the us and europe will look like in 50 years time , the same is not true of russia , nor , for that matter , china .
[russia] as it turned out , when russians left , they did nt exactly immediately turned into saudi arabia or kuweit and shit went downhill .
[us] not to mention a north  south divide could than increase the likelihood of a brexit , or even precipitate the scandinavian countries leaving to form their own union .
[russia] when i look deep inside my soul all i see there is my racked up credit card debt and mortgage and not a proposition for a revolutionary bill of rights that will somehow turn russia into large norway or a slightly angrier canada .
[us] as i understand it , most of their money is spent on lobbying and advertising . . medical devices is the one bright spot in the us picture . . much worse is the  drug situation   httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpmcarticlespmc1261198  . .
[us] this did nt really change until the civil war , and a historical anecdote i ve always heard is that before the civil war the country was referred to as   these united states    afterwards it was therefore called   the united states   .
[russia] list includes popular musicians , writers , politics , journalists who are against conflict with ukraine  i. e. real patriots who are not  yet  afraid to speak openly   62 years old provincial deputy is  accused in  212  cases of rape of minors   httpwww.kommersant.rudoc2465696   girls from 11 to 17  .
[russia] speculation  prognosis  i expect government will need a reason to move armies into big cities so most likely they ll allow our  southern friends  to start  terrorist acts   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikimoscowtheaterhostagecrisis  again and army will be used  to protect   ethnic russians   population of big cities  , as usually .
[us] isds is the only international dispute settlement giving rights to corporations instead of states  dispute settlement procedures in other international treaties are statestate  even the world trade organisation dispute settlement is statestate .
[russia] now i wonder  what sanctions against population of russia will be implemented by dear leader to punish us for this heinous crime against his state
[us] there needs to be a way to moreevenly spread the refugee population around to where their are actually jobs that match their educationexperience level .
[russia] i do nt know what you americans are imagining about the dissolution , but every russian would tell you it was an internal decision to change for the better .
[russia] from rufed authorities  point of view i am foreigner  citizen of nonexistent state of abkhazia , where 2 out of 3 my family members we killed and their real estate properties are in the hands of locals so my appearance there most likely will result in 1 grave in local cemetery .
[russia] pressure over the debt reported in oct 2013 , not the first report either  httpwww.gazeta.rubusiness201310295728457.shtml gazprom removed the discount after crimea chose to join russia , not after yanukovich was ousted .
[russia] so yea , it means add buffer states , it also means making them not a liability if they re support hitler , it means a lot of unpleasant things .
[russia] you re deliberately and knowingly twisting the facts in some grand scheme of propaganda for the benefit of mother russia i m quoting english wikipedia , you moron .
[us] httpswww.eurocockpit.bestories20100216socialdumpinginswedenwhoisnext  16 feb 2010  we often think that europe is protected against social dumping and that the nordic countries are the best example of balanced social protection .
[russia] they re not stupid and they know that if they talk the talk they have to walk the walk or else they will look absurd waving their fists and yet doing nothing .
[us] they consciously made a poor decision to take out private loans with high interest rates , and the now are stuck with an absurd amount of debt  and usually a degree in something that wo nt be super highearning  .
[us] make sure to pack up the building as tightly as possible , we do nt wany any room wasted when we shoot a rocke  i mean when we give the fort back to you .
[us] see httpwww2.gwu.edunsarchivnsaebbnsaebb75 httpwww2.gwu.edunsarchivnsacubamiscriindex.htm he had previously been on a sub that suffered a nuclear accident and had seen several of his ship mates die agonizing deaths from radiation sickness .
[us] i m not saying it s perfect but it has a great history and i is in general a good system that is rather fair .
[us] the battle flag of northern virginia was specifically brought out of the dust and into widespread usage in the mid 20th century to signify support for segregation .
[russia] beatendown ethnic group since the golden horde invaded , only later to be oppressed by the polishlithuanian commonwealth , and then by the russian empire , and finally by the ussr .
[us] there s also the argument that the only way to make the eu more effective and efficient is to increase its power , which is exactly what centerright and centerleft parties have been doing for the better part of a century .
[us] i guess getting your head cut off does too , but apparently if you give aid and comfort to those doing the cutting , all shall be forgiven if you re a 1617 year old girl , oder
[us] i m just here to get downvoted for my flair and keep in touch with opinions and news on what s going on back  home  without dealing with massive armies of internet trolls .
[russia] 7  will welcome russian military in case of invasion  12.6  in donetsk  , 20.9  are going to put up military resistance  11.9  in donetsk  , 2.1  are going to fight on russian side  3.5  in donetsk  .
[russia] despite all that , there was actually a large part of the soviet population who identified not as russian or kazakh or turkmen or ukrainian , but as soviet , many peoples united as one by the fires of conflict .
[us] but the difference is that the us has the ability to act unilaterally against the uk s wishes whereas the uk does not really have the ability to go against the us s .
[russia] yeah , slavs in this thread are already getting butthurt  and to be fair , they are czechs and plenty of czechs have more western traits .
[us] i ll accept this as an explanation , but the us stands out as a glaring juxtaposition  if we go by per capita gdp adjusted for ppp , the us is almost at parity with norway  57,645 vs 57,158  and ahead of sweden by quite a ways  44,142  .
[us] 2  translation technology has been steadily improving for years , so hopefully one day the need for a common language will be a relic of the past .
[russia] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofsovereignstatesanddependentterritoriesbymortalityrate rank  country  rate      23  russia  13.5 edit  i removed the other countries  data from the tables in order to avoid a false impression that russia is doing not so bad  amid europe  .
[us] deregulation is what caused most of the problems so its definitely not the solution , however , regulation by corrupt officials is not the solution either because it is a form of looting .
[russia] there are reports that today in horlivka separatists executed two police officers for  breaking the oath of donetsk people republic   it s not yet confirmed , there are conflicting reports  .
[russia] after sunday s elections in ukraine , vladimir putin may turn his attention westward toward moldova , where russia is sending spies , beaming in propaganda  and threatening economic strangulation .
[russia] i am not convinced about tymchuk arguments , but on 27 may besler already  staged public mock execution   httpwww.ostro.orggeneralsocietynews445881  of two police officers  roman babyuk and dmitry krikunov .
[us] the only even slightly sizable regions that would have any portuguese influence would be new england and new jersey , which do have a reasonably large portuguese population .
[russia] in russian  peacekeeping  operation in south ossetia , in which russia defended ossetian civilians from georgia , somehow there were more georgian civilians killed than ossetian .
[russia] women are really beautiful and even though the mailorder bride thing is nt as simple as  order  , you can still find plenty of women who prefer a western euroami guy to a russian one .
[us] i mean , obviously , it was priced 950 so that you leave the change ... it should be seen as a suggestion , a nudge ...
[russia] the situation with propaganda in russia makes me cry , there are not enough people to change the situation  we have some news sites that are not blocked  yet  , and their quality is very good , but the trend is very negative .
[us] as i said earlier , neither i nor my friends , nor anybody else who knows me , has ever suggested anything other than that i m smart , make a lot of connections that elude other people , and am a bit blunt sometimes but in a way which neither they nor i would want to lose .
[russia] and it s not science which is just couple hundreds years old and was nt wide spread till midxx century  while basement of modern civilization  and morale  is  1000 years old .
[us] it is practically required by any american publisher to use the word  angst  when germany is the topic just because it is a german loanword .
[us] if this guy is really worried about his budget so bad why not just get rid of the car and buy an older car from like 2000 for like  1000 and not have payments again
[us] we tend to vote for whomever seems to be the less shit option , which , if i m not mistaken , is similar to how it s done in britain .
[us] you should know that its completely meaningless what conservative politicians in your country say ,  just as in mine  unfortunately , our current president is also a neoliberal and fundamentally dishonest about these things  in keeping them secret  whenever the string ttip goes into a title , legions of astroturfers jump into the fray , attempting to argue both sides of an issue , but they make very unconvincing arguments on the side they want to lose . . also , they attempt to reassure the public when the public should be angry . . with the intent of lulling all of us into inaction at the moments when we actually could have done or could do something . . know that ftas attempt to dismantle the ability of elections to change anything important . .  such as laws on toxic chemicals , for example   httpwww.ciel.orgpublicationstoxicpartnershipmar2014.pdf  . .
[russia] russia in sevastopol  was nothing more than a lease for black sea fleet of russia up to 2045 and noone ever mentioned anything about breaking a deal .
[us] httpavalere.comexpertisemanagedcareinsightsanalysisdespitesubsidieschronicallyillindividualswillbeunderinsured many americans can not even afford monthly premiums  note the main costs are not in the premiums for anybody who gets ill  the additional charges for in network covered costs  see below , are in theory limited to  6000 or  12000 for a family of two or more  but that limit  only applies to in network covered charges  and there  are exemptions allowing twice that in 2014   httpwww.nationalhealthcouncil.orgnhcfilespdffilesnhcmoopletter.pdf  for many who have two network managers  see the following articles for examples of what i mean .
[russia] all i am saying is there is a decent possibility that national guardvolunteer batallions might be not as qualified as someone , who had more experience and years of training .
[russia] to clarify , 10 billion is this year only  there would be plenty more to come  to avoid default  you would need to compensate a loss of russian market for ukraine  buy more ukrainian farm goods for ex , less european  .
[us] dogs may be symptomless carriers of ebola   httpwww.npr.orgblogsgoatsandsoda20141008354568673excaliburthedogexposedtoebolaawaitshisfate  , and thus if it gets loose  or freed by activists  it could possibly spread the disease further .
[us] on the other hand , it s hard to argue that the prostatist , catholic , educationfocused , publiclyunfriendly , new englanders are the  same  culture as the libertarian , baptist , workaseducation , hospitable , southerners , or the prostatist , irreligious , laidback , smug cascadians .
[russia] incapability of the president of ukraine to exercise his authority for health reasons shall be determined at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine and confirmed by a decision adopted by the majority of its constitutional membership on the basis of a written petition of the supreme court of ukraine , upon a recourse of the verkhovna rada of ukraine and a medical opinion .
[russia] 2  russia started to shot down planes used by ukraine to deliver supplies to the encircled forces  see an26 shot down at july 14  , so the only safe supply channel was cut down .
[russia] however , as the constitution states   the procedure of impeachment shall be adopted by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by at least threequarters of its constitutional membership upon a review of the case by the constitutional court of ukraine , and receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and upon a receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that the acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of treason or other crime .
[us] more political concerns were raised when vladimir putin stated that the ecological safety of the pipeline project will be ensured by using the baltic fleet of the russian navy .
[us] i get that life was nt perfect back then for people in general , but come on , you honestly do nt think africa had it worst
[us] by god , we better outlaw thinktanks , nationalize investment funds , take away any incentives to donate to charity  make sure all media is statesponsored .
[us] placing all of those nato military bases on the border of russia ... we place nato bases in the countries who want to join .
[russia] ok , apparently they do nt have to be military experts to report on a war , or even have any idea about military aspect at all  seriously , you do nt need to be a military expert to distinguish a bmp from a tank  , but they probably shine in other areas
[russia] nobody in this subreddit seems to be interested in admitting that there is a play in two directions , instead favoring a massive victimization complex that somehow manages to compare russia poorly to nazi germany , as if the eu has done absolutely nothing that could be regarded as threatening or manipulative .
[russia] edit 2  it seems  facebook representatives had secret meeting with russian authorities   httptop.rbc.rusociety14072014936182.shtml  and they ve agreed to block  for russians  10 accounts of organizations which are considered extremists  like ukrainian  right sector   .
[us] as far as bullying goes , you are correct , but it is limited to the former soviet sphere of influence and again , its timing and conduct fits the pattern of testing the boundaries of nato .
[russia] are still working in important positions , high profile cases are swept under the rug  because ties , corruption , buddies in crime etc  .
[us] did you not even read the  study , commissioned by your austrian government   httpguengl.euuploadsplenaryfocuspdfassessttip.pdf  , that found that it was not unlikely that as many as 1,000,000 jobs  would be lost  because of ttip
[russia] many people have relatives in ukraine and count the country as  another russia   many really jealous because  an everlasting neighbor  eventually decided to break away .
[russia] that s not exactly same type of the poll , because in case of the sun there was no  i do nt know  answer option .
[us] i do nt really understand what you see as  my claims  because i am just recounting the situation to you as i see it , and i am not in any way alone on this .
[us] whether isds is in ttip or not , people should remember ,  tisa is being negotiated in secret   httpwww.bilaterals.orgpsispecialreportthereallygood  and that has the potential to be the one with the biggest impact on society  because its the service jobs agreement   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv2ppqnbxpa4  .
[us] i think you might mean uk , greece and turkey p france , poland , and estonia are all very close to the mark though .
[us] i suppose if you are in an area that clearly speaks one language or the other , it is nt much of an issue .
[russia] well its not like they fall from the sky  you develop them over time and a lot of basic things like food , chemicals , flowers , some machinery .
[russia] child sex offenders are posted online in the us its fairly ineffective . . again you didnt read anything ...  a study done by professors from columbia university and the university of michigan found that having  policeonly sex offender registries  such as the registries in britain , canada and australia   significantly reduces sex offender recidivism ,  but making information about sex offenders publicly available significantly increases recidivism rates .
[russia] i fucking shit you not though , i have to abase myself and growel in shit just to not have my comments hidden far down the comment chain under the  expand downvoted comment  button .
[us] also , while we  all know  that fracking is bad for the water table , can you please provide some evidence to backup your claims
[russia] i do nt like pointing fingers , but you are from united states , you guys are a definition of  overdoing  things with your carrier groups and general overreaction to anything from shutting down entire city because of 2 terrorists on the loose , to 700 billion  military budget .
[us] they d probably  rather  visit spain than portugal as spain is more famous  in the states  for the kind of things americans would seek when visiting europe , i.e.
[us] which i understand with the limited budget , you want the best experience , just that there is more to the us than the cities you see in movies and on tv .
[russia] and do nt really want to be in the country when their wishes are discarded so easily , when even if they do every democratic procedure correctly  some bunch of nationalists from the west can overthrow the government and immediately start fucking with status of their language .
[us] if you ve got any concern , it really is worth it to make a call and get them to explain what they did .
[us] on one hand , i like to see the little guy win  money in politics overcome by the popular will , but on the other hand , i fucking hate the tea party  fear that their victory will make the superpac supporters say that the superpacs are nt as harmful as people make them out to be ... which is crazy ... because they re harmful as fuck to our democratic process  only the stupid or willfully ignorant will refuse to acknowledge that ... .
[us] of course that comes with the tradeoff of being fragmented  ineffective at  many  things other than a handful of situations which no major powers have serious conflicting interests in , but meh .
[us] europe needs to follow the lead of countries like australia , brazil and india , and ditch isds instead of imposing it to the 93  of the eu economy that has so far deemed it unnecessary .
[russia] it s just that either way you look at it , us and nato were only happy to chip away at russia when the moment came .
[russia] of course , i do nt know much about their internal politics , i just want to say that i ve never met anyone from this country who is supporting the opposition to the russian gov  t.
[russia] basically , in the event that our ground forces are in danger of being overwhelmed , there will be limited tactical nuclear strikes to even the odds .
[us] setting up awful borders and planting infrastructure that exists to use the people as slaves often involving violence of ridiculous proportions whole extracting as many resources as possible for close to nothing has no ill effects .
[russia] sorry if my remarks would hurt you but do nt you think that the very fact of emmigration is already enough to stop consider someone italian or german .
[russia] i am not asking you to stop speaking , but to stop speaking in the names of  russians   of which you and your ilk are a vanishingly small subgroup  .
[us] black sea and baltic sea are obviously hemmed in by multiple straights and unfriendly countries while vladivostok is nearby the unsinkable aircraft carrier uss japan .
[russia] edit to your edit , so you base your viewpoint on assumptions and wishful thinking that russians just packed their things and left all the republics and actions of people from these republics had nothing to do with it , right
[russia] god forbid you mention  federalism  in a tv interview or the rightsec thugs will be waiting outside of the tv studio in order to beat the shit out of you .
[us] parents have the wisdom teeth of their children removed , and those arguably have more use and make more of a difference then the foreskin .
[russia] of course , the whole political climate right now is far from good so that may have contributed because people are very divided on these issues .
[russia] if you would pay attention where world labor force is moving , you would notice that everything shifts to dismantling of social institutions and abandoning or workers rights , rich keep on getting richer , poor get even more poorer and in debt .
[russia] there is a certain pattern from a  russian point of view  , best described by this comic httpi.imgur.comccc5afp.png you start pissing everyone off , you will get handled by  bigger boys  .
[russia] so , because brits were not met with fierce resistance and partisan movement , invasion of sovereign country which was not part of the axis is totally fine
[russia] well , kprf which is second biggest party is decapitated due to zyuganov  its leader since 90s  , you can think of him as apparatchik who is good at  cleaning up place  , but who has no desire for power and it is highly likely he is on a payroll of kremlin in some way , be it shares of stock , money , property or anything else .
[us] and loss of ability to cool the spent fuel storage pools and eventual runaway thermal problem  melt down  that is partly what happened at fukushima .
[russia] eastern europe has been throwing shit , tantrums , insults , blackmailed or threatened to blackmail russia with transit of gas and oil and expressed a heavily antirussian opinionbehavior  long before  any ukrainian conflict .
[us] quite the opposite , the maps reflect recognition i m sure the map reflecting recognition is going to do you real good when you re arguing with russian soldiers in crimea that you re still technically in ukraine .
[us] in russia there was the huge , powerful , soviet bureaucracy , and many of them became oligarchs and mafioso with stolen public assets , wheras the eastern european states , largely being rule externally , had less of this and thus a cleaner start .
[russia] it s conspicuous consumption by the elite that is corruption to most russians , not the use of your private connections to obtain furniture , delicatessen or dental care .
[us] people wont pay a lot more for things like healthcare and drugs if the government is involved acting on their behalf and paying part of the bill .
[us] you talk about  power  , and  us doctrine  , but you have no idea what the fuck you re talking about , thinking you win an argument by just saying  iraq  .
[us] there would be the  whole  issue , of european states looking at one another , or one european state looking at a noneuropean state ,  i.e.
[russia] of course this is the fault of a shitty and corrupt investigation of organized crime , but the individual officers are often simply helpless .
[russia] if red dog would not exist , you would  probably  still work 15 hours a day for minimum wage without any benefits or social stuff .
[us] which is why i asked where do they put them all say that s a 24  increase in population over a span of 4 years  20112015  that s a 6  increase in population each year .
[russia] it s not uncommon that young men would sneak off for better pay  as in you serve for free in russia cause it s compulsory  .
[russia] my sincere condolences to families , friends , relatives , coworkers of all who suffered in eu , netherlands , malaysia , australia , new zealand , uk , us , philippines , germany , belgium , indonesia .
[us] similarly with uber  they came in an disrupted the taxilimo space , and now people are choosing between defending the taxi industry  which in my opinion has nt innovated in 60 years  , or embracing a new company that has made an arguably better service .
[russia] that s kinda funny to me , i m 14 jewish maternally , i also lived in chernovtsi as a kid and attended the gymnasium  2 there , right by the main sobor .
[us] what europe did was magnify existing tribal problems , spent a hundred years eradicating existing local governments there , and then left when they could no longer afford to pretend they were the top dogs on the global stage .
[us] i know it is nt fair , but no one gives a shit about germans after they tried to take over all of europe and africa while committing genocide on millions of innocent people .
[us] 1  the insane cost of going to the hospital and doctor in the us , and   2  the effect of 20  years of higher environmental standards in the eu must have something to do with it . .
[russia] some of the authors of them are also hosts on kremlintv , so i suspect they write those books not because anybody buy them but because they are paid to write that crap , not as writers but as propagandists .
[russia] i highly doubt that those whom this monument represents had anything to do with the political oppression that followed , or the politics of today .
[russia] counterargument is that opposition in russia is financed mainly by donations from citizens and private business , so may be better idea would be to find out political views of owners of producers .
[russia] i mean we took paris , participated in a number of police actions against revolutions and had a pretty good army at the time , yet we did not occupied and conquered europe like napoleon .
[russia] prorussian separatists , on the other hand , tend to call all the armed forces that oppose them  nazi  or  fascist   but that s  their  opinion and  their  words .
[us] i have gotten some  typical stupid kid  looks when i go around in a tshirt and shorts on a hot sunday afternoon when others are dressed in their sunday best but i ve never had anyone say anything .
[us] there were people all over the country that were calling out the use of 911 to mask any criticism of any topic for the years following the attack .
[us] well , if they sign a free trade agreement , that becomes a lock , thereafter they can not change their minds , apparently ,  if slovakia s experience with a bit and healthcare   httpwww.italaw.comsitesdefaultfilescasedocumentsitalaw3206.pdf  is any guide .
[russia] i d much rather have a russia that s not really relevant , but part of europe , instead of a russia that s king of central asia .
[us] perhaps , but this post and the one that precedes it reads that you re saying everything happened  including legislation  because of a immediate response to the french revolution that happened decades before it .
[russia] top comment in  rukrainianconflict  18    the organization who conducted this poll is also accused of orcastratingfinancing coups in other nations iri second highest comment  12    another report by a reaganera think tank .
[us] of course , what really makes people feel worse about crimea than guantanamo  at least in the us  , is that the people who are in crimea are all just regular people .
[us] annual visits are covered free by the new aca and most cities have very cheap walkin clinics where you can see a doctor for very cheap , even if you have no health insurance .
[russia] in many ways the soviets were just as bad as the nazis i guess it would be better for us to just push nazis out of ussr borders and let them slaughter all  untermensch  .
[russia] roman crimea was abandoned to goths , phanagoria in less controversial russia managed to survive , check back next week to see what happens to it .
[russia] apparently  multinational nation  part does nt work  fsb have to kill people daily on caucasus and government pay billions to chechnya every year just to keep rufed in a single piece .
[russia] are u seriously going to bring up something that happened in 1993 during yeltsin era with all the chaos ,  shock therapy  en route and all the other shit that was going on at that time
[us] this document gives some case studies . .  waves of regret  what some cities have learned and other cities should know about water privatization fiascos in the united states   httpwww.citizen.orgdocumentswaves.pdf  all around the world , there has been pressure from organizations like the wto , the world bank and the imf for countries to privatize natural resources like water .
[russia] same with energy  russian oil and gas companies still work , but with restrictions of technology they ca nt expand into arctic , ca nt upgrade pipes , ca nt develop new fields and so on .
[us] so far the supreme court had not  extended suspectclass status to sexual orientation  and  other scholars disagree , arguing that  homophobia  is distinct from sexism , in a sociological sense , and so treating it as such would be an unacceptable judicial shortcut  .
[us] europeans sometimes talk about iraq , as though either 1 . we ve never heard about it , or 2 . were nt just as against it as they were .
[russia] there are dozens of resistance fighters under my control  georgians , azerbaijanis , armenians , russian  who do not even try to speak ukrainian  and nor have we encountered a manifestation of intolerance towards each other .
[us] i would say , if i indeed am the village idiot you would like to portray me as , why do you even need to respond
[us] though i do nt know anyone who studied in bulgaria , i know people who ve visited  and i d love to see sofia someday  .
[us] i remember reading one of the drinking water quality report things they mail out at my parents house , it had a list of things they put into the water .
[us] since they do nt , the conflict will continue until the israelis get fed up and do exactly what the croatians , the poles , and the czechs have done with their revanchist minorities  get rid of them .
[us] httpwww2.epa.govhfstudypublishedscientificpapers most come to the conclusion that fracking has serious potential impacts on water tables and that the current epa contaminant standards are too high for effective regulatory practice .
[us] especially considering the fact we have a much more advanced  expansive isr   intel  recon   network than the french  we ve just dropped about as much ordinance on isis positions in syria within two days as we did in iraq for the past month .
[russia] basically extremely likely that it was shut down by rebels , although i wonder why the plane was there in the first place , when rebels have access to advanced aa .
[russia] there was no russian language enforcement during soviet times , quite the contrary  soviets promoted development of local culture  in all ssrs , not only in ukraine  .
[us] it s better than it is in the us , where everyone is either a crazy conservative who wants to burn anything and everything that combusts and never invest in nuclear energy , or a tree hugging liberal who thinks nuclear power is the devil and that solarwind are actually sufficient to power the world  which they re not even close  .
[us] truman s failure in foreign policy  much blame could be put on fdr for not including truman in the loop prior to his death  .
[russia] but journalists have no right to do it , because the task of the journalist , in my opinion , is to demonstrate the true proportions of the world , to show the whole picture of the world .
[russia] i suspect that the people of east ukraine care little about how fair the election process is since all the strong candidates are westernoriented .
[us] he raped a 13year old girl and agreed to a plea bargain in which he would be put under psychiatrically evaluated for 90 days .
[russia] i m curious , if the gagauz decide to start bombing chisinau and moldovans shoot down what they think was a gagauz plane , would you also have similar feelings
[russia] if winoujcie can accept only qflex  50   , it means that all quatar fleet is only to deliver 20 bln m3 , which is exactly gazprom deliver through it s minor north stream .
[us] the fact that these people were once in the communist party does nt mean anything when they were in the party while the country was a singleparty state .
[us] living across a huge ocean from europe , we do nt get very many opportunities for international sports so it s always something special .
[russia] it was not ukrainian because that terrible famine affected almost all ussr areas to some extent , and some other areas  namely kazakhstan and povolzhye  suffered just as bad .
[russia] parga , a village in epirus across the strait from paxosantipaxos , has a really long beach with really white and really largegrained sand .
[us] i work in the power industry in the us and am always a bit sensitive to european criticism of our grid due to having very different system constraints .
[russia] its a bit sad for me , that people here think that all those events had nothing to do with mrp or had any effect forming policies throughout the continent , that eventually build up itself as ww2 .
[russia] one thing he remembers about him was that yatsenyuk was either jewish or had at least one jewish parent and yet curiously enough , he was also pretty much making a secret of it , hiding what was a fact of his life .
[russia] video game treaties , i made an analogy of what happens in games when treaties are broken and tried vaguely to point out that life is not a video game and things do nt work they do on the screen .
[us] any war there would probably , in my opinion , be short , limited  conventional , hence the importance of power projection and being able to respond quickly to situations with your military .
[russia] levada centre  has reported yesterday that approval rating of putin had drifted down from 86  to 83  for the first time in this year .
[russia] the people here bite hard on all too convenient and all too rapid and practiced accusations , without even so much as a photograph of actual evidence , and completely ignore it when the russians provide actual photographic evidence to the contrary .
[russia] about agenda stuff , i think its pretty easy to click on op and look up his history , i guess i was a dickhead in this case , sorry about that , but i am just so tired of seeing russia and russians being treated like some sort of a plague here .
[us] i am just trying to recall the last time someone invaded russia s borders into the caucasus mountains because i have a much easier time remembering where they cross them .
[us] hell , in the past 15 years we ve seen a decline in defense spending even as the british were taking part in two major conflicts .
[us] not to mention the united states has the largest national infrastructure network by a pretty considerable stretch and is better compared to the european union as a whole than any individual european country .
[russia] moreover , russia took a step back in gender equality since ussr broke apart , now we re a lot more patriarchal society than we used to be .
[russia] all this is fantastic and i am sure a lot of people benefited from eu up until they became financially insolvent , but this does not refute my point that spainiards , greeks , portuguese or cypriots are fucked .
[us] many europeans here on  reurope say things like  the us should go home  , and  the us should take all of its troops out of germany  .
[russia] i remember some stories written by ethnic russians from various regions but mostly central asia i believe , i do nt have statistics anyway .
[russia] if only the leadership was more sensible , it is possible to have eu in mind as an eventual goal without cutting trade and burning all the bridges with russia .
[us] lobbying has always been around , but they basically injected fucking steroids into it , and blurred the money trail ... which makes the whole point of lobbying being allowed because of transparency seem redundant ... i mean there s still a clear money trail ... but it s layered over several more times  made harder to get too ... . an i know this is slightly offtopic , but on the note of money in politics , far as that tea party thing in virginia that i mentioned goes , it gots me emotionally confused to be honest .
[russia] russia needs to construct an ethnic conflict  on january 5 , 2009 , the harju county court found not guilty  according to postimees , under principle of in dubio pro reo , according to lichr ,  concluding that the evidence proved only one fact  that mass riots did take place in the downtown tallinn on april 26  28 , 2007   four men accused of organization of riots during bronze night riots  this  ethnic conflict  you ve linked was constructed by estonian government and estonian government alone .
[us] race is a social concept used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by  anatomical ,  cultural  , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , andor social  affiliation  .
[us] yea ... bachman is from  the red crescent  which is an area that spans a redneck area on one end and a rich republican area on the other end .
[russia] people here love to hate the messenger or someone who dares to ask questions which deviate from established statusquo  if i disagree with something , it has not right to exist so to speak or alternatively i will ignore it  , thus the downvotes .
[us] and if you do nt , you might get 6bn , might get 3bn from nato for mistrals and might have a bunch of good ships on your side when war with russia becomes a thing .
[us] we re dealing with the same people who tried to enact  mai  in the 1990s  and failed , due to its isds and similar intolerable content becoming widely known .
[russia] considering the fact that yeltsin was a puppet of george bush from the start , and our glorious leader was installed by the family  a bunch of yeltsin era s oligarchs  when boris handed over the crown to him ...
[russia] usually , tunnel visioning something is bad and while i do think that europe will not lift sanctions out of nowhere , until conflict is over , the idea that russia itself will stop unless it will be grated a  somewhat  desirableacceptable outcome is naive .
[russia] to be fair , you should nt forget about the people on the other side of the spectrum who are just as fierce in their xenopatriotism .
[us] german media is consistently critical of the us  not really saying this is a bad thing or that it is malicious , just that german media carries a lot of articles that are very unflattering of the us  .
[us] no wonder they eventually snapped in riots after their president blatantly lied about his biggest promise right when it was time to sign the deal .
[us] also , as far as i can see , these ftas do nt even pay lip service to the idea that any price should be  affordable   in fact they explicitly avoid any kind of moral issue .
[us] oh , and if you have nt noticed , america  europe are negotiating the ttip , which is basically a mirror image of ceta .
[us] counting future inflation  , which will be  less than any fourth generation fighter in the world .  that means no other fighter already flying  one sold in us dollars or euros  will cost less  not the famously inexpensive gripen , not the french rafale , the russian mig35 , the boeing f15 eagle , or the european typhoon .
[us] i do nt know all of the details that i should about the argument , either , but coming from the point of antiamericanism in europe , i would never support something which would make that rise .
[russia] do nt get me wrong , i m not a friend of putin and his whole deal  i fucking hate that i always need to state that  , but this whole situation and the way it s reported is way misrepresented .
[us] even more importantly , if the government is going to build me a new house which i will never have to pay anything for , and will provide me with all of my food and clothes , why would i ever want a job
[russia] everyone who want a stun gun or shotgun can acquire them after short bureaucratic hustle  , problem is gun usage laws  laws are protecting criminals  if you ll kill an attacker for selfdefense you ll get jail term  15 years  in  100  of cases no matter of circumstances .
[russia] latest  2013  updates to civil code allow up to 15 days of detention for violations related to identity papers checks  like expired  internal  russian passport  .
[russia] how lovely it must be , to live in such a strongly held delusion , that all opposing opinions must be paid instigators sent in by the big bad to upset your evening meal .
[us] nomatter how bad it is if the grid goes out , we will solve it , eventually , and the country wont be radioactive if we have the intelligence to figure out how to keep the spent fuel cool . . now .
[russia] it s still much better than at ukranian or at russian liberal sites , where everything that does nt fit or question current antirussian agenda is downvoted to hell orand leads to a ban .
[us] well , we should care about all diseases because they are like wars , they have a huge human cost , epidemics can set nations back decades or even centuries .
[russia] cold winter of 19411942 was nt really helping germans , but when fresh forces arrived from siberia , with their sheepskin coats and coldresistant equipment  cold kills standard lube in weapons and machinery  , it became too much .
[us] if so , i ve got ta say that while putin is nt the brightest guy to sit on the russian throne , he s a hell of a lot smarter than that .
[russia] yeah , so there were many court trials in this area , thousands of people went into jails , lost their positions , paid heavy fines .
[russia] russian ethnicity as well as ukrainian one makes sense abroad , esp. , overseas , or when it comes to the local nonslavic ethnics .
[us] after 42 he was released and was ready to go for his final sentencing hearing at which he was supposed to receive probation as agreed with the prosecutor .
[russia] russian  or  ukrainian  does nt really matter , we are one people  our differences are political and geographic , but not cultural at all , we are one .
[us] i feel as if at a round table a bunch of european politicians were having a discussion about what makes america work and they somehow got to the conclusion that it was diversity .
[russia] what if he is nt naive  maybe he just did nt want to risk his missiles and troops by placing them in poland , dangerously close to russia  ...
[us] honestly i still think that the uk is a closer  ally  to the us than to the eu , but they are far more integrated with the eu of course .
[us] we have such a grand oppurtunity to spread our civilization into space and beyond , yet we still play petty power games with big stakes .
[russia] which have tended to be less sophisticated you re absolutely right , we re drunk half the time and when we re not drunk , we re still slavic untermensch after all .
[russia] because frankly that history is almost completely irrelevant to the actual people who are living now but they still feel the need of holding grudges or shittalking or beating someone because of something which was a long time ago .
[us] each year , 100,000 skilled professionals are leaving portugal , responding to a call by prime minister pedro passos coelho to his country s jobless to move abroad .
[russia] i also support the russian military when it takes in refugees from the ukrainian military who flee across the border , giving them medical care and the option to return home or stay in russia .
[us] regardless of where in germany you think it is getting the greatest benefit , it is definitely not in the countries that are being scolded and being told they are moochers .
[russia] state workers and students in state universities were forced to vote earlier than today and often were guided to make them choose a  right  candidate .
[us] the thing about tactical nukes though , is it s no so much about their numbers as it is their immediate availability , which is why forwarddeployment is so important with them .
[russia] in that case , let s give them to the basques , since all other europeans are filthy indouropeans , turks , semites and finnougrics that have invaded and colonized europe .
[us] thus the european investment bank could launch a big  say  300 billion , or  383 billion  expansion in investments such as faster crossborder rail links to more integrated electricity grids  and raise the money by issuing bonds , which the ecb could buy in the secondary market .
[russia] wto was met extremely hostile from russian population  still is to some extent , its just that there is not much of going on there with rospotrebnadzor arbitrarily banning whatever it wants for political reasons  sanction wars   not enough multibillion  lawsuits so to speak to make those opinions surge on surface , but they are there  .
[russia] riiight , like the nato would ever give it to ukraine ... first of all , they wo nt know how to operate it .
[us] you were implying an equivalence when you responded to  why should russia get to set theirs in reality , countries in military and economic alliances with the us are extremely prosperous and safe .
[us] and  in the worse case scenario  if something  did  begin to pop off , as an  offshore balancer  , the us could be there in a week .
[us] i am in favor of a strong european union and strong partners in switzerland , norway etc working together and not falling prey to easy money and support from us or brics or gulf states  the more we rely on foreign investment , loans and  protection  the more we submit to foreign agendas that are not always beneficial for europe and europeans i think people concentrate a lot on loans and things like that , when the us has one real interest in europe  we need someone who can afford to buy our products .
[russia] i think that thing is at least worth mentioning , but no , that will show russia actually doing something and is not about to implode , ca nt have that .
[us] also why are people assuming ttip has anything to do with public service privatization  mandatory liberalisationglobalization of procurements of all kinds , the putting out for global bidding on contracts that come up  that kind of thing will likely be in tisa , services represent an awfully large number of jobs which can be used to show that the developed countries are serious about giving the developing world some benefits from globalization . .
[russia] judging by human history we will have ww3 in this century , perhaps not the way ww2 played out and somewhat different due to tech development .
[russia] go to america and insinuate that americans are unintelligent fatties , see how much they love you for saying that  it is ignorant because it is a factual statement that is based on stereotypical but erroneous knowledge and it is bigoted because it assumes that russians are dumb and slovenly , a very common sentiment on this sub i might add .
[russia] in fact merkel s hesitancy in particular to commit to stronger sanctions , as well as russians own limited sanctions , speaks volumes on this .
[us] i know that somalia is a failed state , and that as such , it is a broken system , but i think the us is actually doing pretty alright ,  15 trillion annual gdp and all . .
[russia] scheming was literally going on nonstop , since every year someone in your extended family died or got married and upset the existing balance .
[us] and seeing how the western world did nt exactly help those smaller countries it actually was allied with like poland going at it alone seems like valid option .
[russia] let me remind you that one of the seven  millennium prize problems   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikimillenniumprizeproblems  was solved by the  russian scientist   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikigrigoriperelman  while the rest still remain unsolved .
[russia] it would be more like the liberation of france from the nazis in wwii than of the liberation of aghanistan from the taliban in 2003 .
[us] because allowing third parties to influence bilateral agreement of the eu recognize , however , that that  third party  is actually the nation which took over half of europe for the second half of the 20th century , and would have taken most of it over were it not for the efforts of the usa .
[russia] yatsenyuk yesterday said very clearly in private  there was a leaked video  that new sanctions at this point , during ongoing invasion by russian regular forces are like vitamins for a dead body .
[us] there are issues which pertain to students and schooling and then there are issues which do nt does this really need to be explained to you
[us] this rule would simply mean that every year , the prime minister will find some way to bribe the population with a  rebate  or something similar , even if it s financially irresponsible .
[us] according to sarewitz , policy makers must deal with the harsh reality that there is not always one best way to use chemical compounds , which is why it can be so difficult to identify and eliminate toxicants .
[us] whether it s accurate or not is nt as important as understanding that that image is what goes through israelis  minds when they consider what might happen if the arabs win .
[us] no i m not in high school , please do not insult me , as it feels like i m walking you through this .
[russia] he adds a line not included in the reuters quoted excerpt or the rferl translation transcript ,  gdeto nakhoditsya kren ego ne izvestno   located somewhere who the hell knows .  then  ob etom buk ya znal , ya slyshal ,   i knew about that buk , i heard about it .  he then reiterates his point that ukraine had the information in advance , so should have closed the airspace  which was the context for his reference to the news from lugansk .
[russia] i do nt argue that it s different  what i said there was an afterthought , not my main argument , that s why i spent quite a bit of time lambasting stalin .
[russia] ethnic russians in russia  2002  80.6  115,889,107 2010  80.9  111,016,896 it went down by  5mil , i would not say it s shrinking rapidly .
[us] regardless of the morality , i think both sides have to admit that sending a damn biker gang to fight is is one of the most  fucking metal  things a sovereign state can do .
[us] so outrageous that they get away with it because its impossible for normal people to believe   unless they have dealt previously with narcissistic personality disordered people or cults  thats what they are a cult   that they would be that stupid or evil
[us] if the negotiations are not kept private though , nothing could be accomplished because every issue would be debated in the media before it would even be adopted , and hysteria would overwhelm the negotiations .
[russia] this article talks about  the social website of the selfappointed military commander , colonel igor strelkov  when actually it is a group in vkontakte  basically russian facebook  run by sympathizers .
[us] nazi governments are a figure of russia s imagination and a cheap attempt to have russians feel patriotic for invading their neighbors and remember the good things about their past .
[russia] pretty much all public projects are plagued with cuts and kickbacks schemes well , name one country , just one country that does nt have this problem .
[russia] its a combination of things as in every thing , nostalgia for former glory , desire to be someone on international stage , a convenient distraction from modern day problems and many , many other things .
[us] in addition , over 715,000 us workers also stand to lose their jobs under this scenario , giving a total of over two million job losses in total .
[russia] well , libya is a wonderful place i heard nowadays  s russia took a stance in syria against  lets overthrow assad  plan , no one gave a fuck and continued to supply and train  rebels  .
[russia] so you do nt agree they re racist and xenophobic , as claimed , despite what i just quoted from their official website , disciminating against e.g. , atheists and communists .
[russia] lastly , all i said was that plane was shot down , the only planes that flew around those parts were ukrainian military jetsbombers , who did exactly what they were made for  bombed and killed peopletech .
[russia] it s just a largescale , intensive conflict , thanks to russia the  rebels  armed with heavy artillery , tanks and grads , and sadly civilian deaths are inevitable against well armed enemy .
[russia] i should also mention that 90s in russia in particular is borderline  a decade of shame  in a similar way that chinese might view their  century of shame  .
[us] i love that you try to make every usa action as bad and yet just wipe away genocide by isis as  yeah , no big deal , governments do that , let s get them to promise not to with a piece of paper .
[us] what s happened is that in the last 20 years , a real monster has been created in the form of this isds , standstill and ratchet stuff that turns capitalism into something far worse , really far far worse , than what we all grew up with .
[us] others would argue that sound scientific evidence should include both lowdose testing to uncover endocrine effects and neurodevelopmental effects , and cumulative assessments of substances that have similar properties or that produce similar adverse effects .  for her part , rachel carson did not dismiss the use of chemical products , only their indiscriminate use  and she charged policy makers with the responsibility to discriminate .
[us] if you re a dixie american you can pull out a confederate flag and ask the german why heshe does nt fly a nazi flag on holidays since it s part of their ancestry .
[russia] but hey , russia is clearly a bad guy for taking 500 000  refugees from ukraine and not housing them in a luxury resorts .
[us] according to nuclear whistleblower and former senior vice president for nuclear engineering services arnie gundersen , once a zirconium fire has started , due to its extreme temperatures and high reactivity , contact with water will result in the water dissociating into hydrogen and oxygen gases , which will almost certainly lead to violent explosions .
[russia] i said it earlier and one of my comment the 25  that are recidivist and 75  that are not . . read my previous comment the study is here and btw i edit my my previous reply
[russia] some stans  mostly with resources like kazakstan and turkmenistan  are doing ok , some turned into a third world shithole with no future prospects .
[us] historically , the united states has presided over the most peaceful period in human history , and things have only become more peaceful after the fall of the soviet union .
[us] the video is blocked , and while i m sure there are abuses , what is wrong with 1417 year olds working on farms as long as they go to school
[russia] also , i speak from personal experience of being to crimea and sevastopol multiple times , although that is not much of an argumentum .
[russia] no one bothered with morality or some sort of  codes  prior to ww2  except maybe with chemicalbioweapon , but then again , japan was nuked twice so i do nt know which would be worse  , hence  detention facilities  for  potential 5th column  in a variety of countries  including canada , united states and others  .
[russia] as for airspace , i personally do nt care , military does what military love to do  posturing , look important , train , detect response times and so on .
[russia] and now that the rf is pushing back with its own brand of imperialism against the slow march of the eu and nato eastward , people are crying foul , as if their precious rules are worth a damn .
[russia] in the end the article was deleted , and the article written over it reads like some sort of sovietera propaganda piece that spends more time on dismissing claims about soviet war crimes than describing them .
[russia] hell i know some fellow metalheads who made fun of madonna or elton john fans for their problems with orthodox activists , i hope now they understand how important it is to stand for civil rights even when it s not your personal rights were violated .
[russia] if simplified all the state giant enterprises pay taxes in moscow , all of investments and social support goes to moscow , it s the only city with decent wages  average 25 times higher than average in other big cities  and all of needed infrastructure , so people from all over the country relocate to moscow because they have no opportunities in their local cities and muscovites hate them for overcrowding the city .
[us] it is also because we have alot of roads to fix , for decades american urban development was almost solely focused on building bigger and sparser suburbs .
[russia] i consider cutting off gas as an  extreme  option at which point we are basically at war to some extent  thus our relations for neartime future is fucked  .
[russia] it is quite likely that the killing here was perpetrated by the russian , but let s not pretend this sub cares about objectivity .
[us] sure i m going to be a bit biased on some topics , but the facts are that global business is a very fluid environment , and writing off the us as an investment opportunity is foolish .
[us] it is no doubt a cultural thing , so there is going to be  controversy  but i d rather have it done as a baby than having it done and dealing with all sorts of problems  confidenceanxiety , medical bills , soreness , etc.
[russia] it would also be nice to create stuff like schoolsengineering courses and try to get countries mentioned above in teaching how to work on modern technologies , maybe even previous gen , but you need to start  somewhere  .
[us] besides , you know , the british nuclear arsenal being totally dependent on us missiles we  loan out  to them with complete disregard for international treaties prohibiting such sales .
[us] also it sounds like you re trying to make excuses for germany as to why they re allowed to break the rules while mooching off countries like the uk and greece like a beggar .
[russia] i have so much trouble with articles like this and the work required to repel bullshit is at least x10 of what it takes to create it  or formulate an  authentic looking oped   .
[russia] this is already a reality and things would get even  funnier  , not so long ago polish pension funds were all transferred under management of state , do you think they did it out of care for the people
[us] i agree with you on the cause , but the reason why people do nt fight is not because people are too comfortable , but too strained  student loans , stagnant wages , increasing cost of health care are all strains on people .
[russia] also it seems war between kremlin and chechnya has started due to relations between yeltsin and chechen disapora  he promised them something  independence or maybe shared control over rufed  for his support during imitation of coupdetas in 91 and then betrayed afaik .
[russia] antikulak policy was applied to russians peasants just as well as to nonrussian , and since there were more russian peasants , good half of  kulaks  where russian too .
[us] it would nt be the first time a party has pushed an ideology that does nt work out even if  common sense  says it should or thinking if something works somewhere that it would be successful everywhere without any external factors in play .
[us] the us spies on german citizens and then hands that info over to the german gov , since directly spying on their own citizens would be against the law .
[us] its about a uscanada fta which was the prototype of a great many others  the other similar prototype is gats  they are not most peoples goals nor are they the goals of the electorate in any country .
[us] until there is a total political failure that causes a major economic upheavel or revolution  it s extremely unlikely anyone will ever invade  , it s just not going anywhere .
[russia] i formed my views on world and russia long time ago , i am sorry your attempt to  guess my thoughts  failed so miserably , perhaps another time
[us] being neutral and pacifist is the equivalent of watching someone being attacked on the street and taking a neutral pacifist stance and doing zero to stop it .
[us] the only hope nato has of intervening in ukraine without setting off a nuclear confrontation is if we stop at east ukraine s border  allow ukraine to be divided ,  ala  eastwest germany or northsouth korea .
[russia] its also one of the reason they lost quite a bit of public support after their policies were implemented and with known results putin rose to power and everything that comes with him  its funny to see how events 1520 years ago shape current russian mindset and general public opinion in regards to those actors and what views they represent , truly a  monumental fuck up  .
[us] everyone with money would live in an immigration free city state an leave the masses to a wholly unwieldy and broke union to fend for themselves if we went that route .
[us] good luck with that when most of europe feels entitled to not spend a penny on taxes towards the military and have americans pay all of it for them .
[russia] nonspecific amount   , yevrotsenty  the final y should really be the dotless i from turkish  amount that ends with 50 or 1114   , yevrotsentov .
[us] i am very much in favor of guns in general , but the ideas being put forth by the police just sound like very dangerous logic .
[us] even though i suppose an individual can adopt or they can do a staggered adoption , it still seems quite regressive by demeaning samesex relationships .
[russia] also , my polish friend , how does it feel , knowing that the cia has used your own nation as host for some of its own evil deeds and notorious black sites
[russia] gazeta.ru   httpwww.gazeta.rusocialnews20141028n6601609.shtml    prokremlin paidshills  from ol gino moved to new fourstorey office on savushkina st. about 250 people love the state on a professional basis round the clock .
[us] most of us would disagree with that , but then , letting the majority decide what oppression is and is nt is a great way to get yourself more oppression .
[russia] either he rigged elections and russians are nt to blame or he s a legitimate democratic leader who did get voted into power and russians are to blame , but putin is nt as much  as he has the mandate of the people  .
[russia] in the video , both parties appear to be speaking russian , with the civilians having a ukranian accent and the masked men having no identifiable accent .
[russia] httpwww.duma.gov.runews273646438  edited google translate    from what is written in textbooks and how convincing and exciting it will be written depends the attitude of the whole generation of young people to the history of their country .
[us] these deals are  criminogenic  in that they encourage politicians to become compulsive liars who then must keep continuing to liem must lie to cover up the big lie   promising changes they can not ever deliver  because of the ftas   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  , in order to manipulate the public  and get into and stay in office .
[us] the only thing we could gift the ukrainians that would materially increase their fighting strength would be stuff we do nt want to end up in russian hands so they can look them over .
[us] almost no americans realize this , and for good reason , we would not agree with it  i would be happy to show you how that is being done .
[us] 17  many more died and or were displaced in fighting in eastern slavonia  this territory along the croatianserbian border was not part of the krajina , and it was the jna that was the principal actor in that part of the conflict  .
[us] the wage mean is 2870   converted  in the us  higher than any european country besides switzerland , denmark and norway  and unlike those three countries everything is relatively cheap in the us
[russia] especially when your enemy tries to disassemble you for black market organ trafficking , then gets backing from a certain global geopolitical player and is allowed to create enclaves in your own country .
[us] even nuclear engineering  is not rocket science  the thing we need to avoid is binary thinking , and letting money drive bad decisions . .
[russia] no , you shill all day for the putin regime and attack everybody who thinks that putin does nt have the right to invade and dictate to the independent country of ukraine .
[russia] while they never were able to close the border completely , while they practically operated in the rear of the enemy , they were not at serious danger .
[russia] not until they ll have a very good replacement and i doubt credit card processing company can be created in less than 1.5  years .
[us] one of the few bullets russia has in it s gun is potentially being able to deal a early knockout blow , and such a action would make it easier .
[russia] but that should be expected , when two massive empires like the eu and russia come head to head , reason goes out the door .
[us] that s very true but i meant more along the lines of you can have an identical sentence posted by two members with different flair and in certain threads  depending on topic  i can almost guarantee the voting will be wildly different .
[us] the primary benefit of genital cutting is to the culture that is then able to build up weird social and cultural borders based around denigrating the foreskin .
[russia] there is indisputable proof that they had multiple figures installed into parliament , obtained government authorization to form militias which are currently involved in subjugating the east , and took part in the armed overthrow of a democratically elected government .
[us] here s the eurzone data too   httpdata.worldbank.orgindicatorny.gdp.mktp.cdcountriesgbxcdisplaygraph  , but it s harder to spot the peaks and troughs because of how much larger its gdp is .
[us] of course the system he had setup took a man as competent as bismark from coming crashing down ... and unluckily for germany ... they did nt get a man as competent as bismark after him .
[russia] latest news  it seems i ve jinxed whole situation with  no news  good news  phrase  during last 24 hours russia has  moved around 50k troops near ukrainian border   httpflot2017.comitemnews59774  and added 20 helicopters  up to 240 total    after armed clashes with  selfdefense  forces where ukrainian antiterrorism unit lost 1 officer their press secretary declared   selfdefense  militants are actually well trained and armed russian spetsnaz   httpglavcom.uanews198908.html    video of random shooting   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv6xkriczcwqt11  with well equipped  selfdefense  forces    one of russian politics  exadvisor of putin , in opposition now  says  ukrainians have only 3 days to remove  russian spetsnaz  from southerneastern regions  or russia will begin  peacekeeping  invasion   httpaillarionov.livejournal.com669998.html  on ukraine s mainland .
[russia] this was a mistake brought upon to us by the fact that russians are arming dangerous rebels  but also by the sheer stupidity of the malaysian pilots of flying directly over the heart of a warzone , right over closed airspace and deviating from their original stated course when they really should have been deviating on the russian side of the border , where there is no conflict , or on the ukraine west of dnieper , again safe from the conflict .
[russia] i believe this survey is from only one city on the russian border , which also hapens to be the stronghold of the ousted regime .
[russia] and not only did russia invade and take over those countries , but the russians systematically murdered or exiled the leadership of those countries , to render them into pliable , servant nations .
[us] if they ca nt get a logo right , i do nt really have much faith that they will complete the rest of the project as specified .
[us] you re both sort of right  nato  does  streamline military cooperation between members , and russia being a single country  does  make a relatively significant difference ,  inter alia  .
[us] but there are so many deep rooted structural problems , like campaign finance , the tax structure , the military industrial complex , the war on drugs , and the insane price of university , that it is really crushing .
[us] if israel would try to to pull some shit like not sharing vital intel , well , that could end up incredibly ugly and served very little in israels interest the us s recognition of palestine is mostly based around the fact that there is nt a good group of people to recognize as the legitimate government .
[russia] or  most likely  the government will be poor and wo nt have enough money to finance defense so it does nt matter if chechnya will be independent or not  they ll bomb the shit out of russia anyway , more so if there wo nt be any type of border .
[russia] correct move is not to play though , the more euromaidan sends its activists and tries to confront prorussian  or antimaidan  forces even with peaceful protests , the bigger the animosity towards them will grow .
[russia] i m not saying that it s not ok that you feel that way , i guess russia and russians are just not for you and that s perfectly fine .
[russia] but domestically siloviki and  patriotic minded  people has gained an enormous amount of influence and they look at liberals with a badly hidden contemptdesire to get rid of them  the worse russian economy is doing , the higher the chance that russian population will turn on liberals as an object of hatred , violence  .
[russia] edit 5   map  who controls state administration 24.01 330 pm  130 pm gmt    httpcs14109.vk.mec540101v540101068fd6aepldguikxpu.jpg  blue  party of regions  progov  ukrainian flag  the people red  protesters tried to storm pink  mass protests
[russia] war maybe hell but if you use grad or unguided airborne munition strikes against a densely populated city you show your cowardice and lack of regard for human life .
[us] two things  1  the author is a us rightwinger who this sub would nt trust for any other type of article , especially because he is pro us intervention in ukraine and wants the republicans in power so that they can arm more ukrainians .
[us] has germany not used the undervaluing of it s exchange rate through the euro to boost it s exports at the expense of it s fellow members
[us] that s why smart americans know that the obama administrations backwards  affordable care act  is nothing more than an act , a deception , that wlll lead us in the wrong direction to a future where health care s main function is wealth extraction .
[russia] probably east , where it is easier to bribe the police ah , poor naive westerner ... let me tell you how things are in my country .
[russia] i took two courses in modern chinese history as a part of my history major , i had a very interesting professor who lived quite a long time in china as a westerner .
[russia] there is interesting coincidence  after terrorist act in domodedovo airport fsb got  1.5 bil usd financing to boost safety of transportation and this financing ended ... yesterday , december , 31 .
[us] sure the us comes out ahead , but you definitely are nt considering the alternative scenario where the us does nt send any aid at all .
[russia] so , either the novorossiya resistance is made up more or less entirely of russian troops  specifically troops , not volunteers  or the estimatenews source is complete bs .
[russia] she was liberal version of vladimir zhirinovsky zhirik is a fucking clown ,  novodvorskaia   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikivaleriyanovodvorskaya  was wise , strong and believed in what she was doing .
[russia] i mention holodomor were  7 mln people died , you could argue that either it was unintentional or something , but you say it is a myth like it would be so easy to fake a death of so many people .
[russia] you re out to win an argument , not come to an understanding of why some people just cant seem to bow to the benevolence of the west .
[us] i m not saying that means catalonia should nt be independent , i just think a culturalethnicpolitical argument is more convincing than an economic one because you can make the economic case for so many places around the world .
[us] furthermore , the wto requires that any law that a country writes to protect its water would also have to be the  least trade restrictive  law imaginable  as interpreted by a panel of trade lawyers  .
[us] even though the ustr has admitted to states that asked them explicitly that there were things they could not do   which coincidentally , blocked them   httpwww.maine.govlegisoplactpchlthcaresub.pdf  from being able to offer actually affordable health care completely .
[russia] you do nt really need to resort to any  spiritual duality  of russians to explain those things , it s not paradoxical in any form , it has it s direct logical reasons .
[russia] i think something unprecedented is happening within kremlin administration that forced them to change their course 180 degrees almost overnight and release pussy riot , khodorkovsky and few people from  bolotnoe case  .
[us] i do think that manchuria had an effect on the japanese surrender , hirohito even mentions it when speaking about the cause of surrender .
[us] then go to the middle of a major city in illinois like chicago and i d bet you d see a crazy amount of them even though they re less than 1  of the us population .
[us] why do nt you love each other , all the time , and feel obligated to have a very long and pointless conversation at every social interaction you have with anyone ... ever even random strangers you do nt want to talk too .
[us] already , in the last few years , i have heard very many americans say , in exasperated tone , how they can not believe the american taxpayer is subsidizing most of the security and defense of europe .
[us] to be fair , it s not exclusive to russia  quite often on this very subreddit , i see europeans blame the us for the action of their  european  governments .
[russia] baltics or poles for example get reminded that big part of their trade is with russia , only when they are being assholes , with stuff like border restrictions , swine plague bans and so on .
[us] the main plant is different , the island is different  and placed in a different location  , it s using emals instead of steam catapults  which saves space internally and reduces crew requirements  .
[us] complaining would be like saying  ugh you re so annoying comparing to us , why do you do that , i hate it   not what i said .
[us] i did nt like how i had become and made a concerted effort to prove to myself how wrong i was instead of making them all an enemy in my head .
[us] the memorandum promised ukraine would have security assurances against threats or use of force in exchange for kiev giving up its sovietera nuclear weapons  at the time the third largest arsenal in the world .
[us] i do nt claim to know what the right answer is for eu , but leaving people to die in the seas is fucked up .
[us] if you were the pm of serbia , are you seriously going to say no to a deal that would enormously benefit your country while continuously benefiting from an eu partnership deal
[us] american citizens , anyway , have the option of having their parents sign an official form , available in person only from german consulates around the u.s.  such as in chicago  , or obviously the german embassy .
[russia] occasionally you can stumble on article or two how  the world came to be  so to speak , but its rarely talked about and everything else mostly is being wrapped into reddit oriented 1234 liners of oversimplification and black  white attitude .
[us] its a trap , the ftas are designed to take even the smallest privatization and turn it into the destruction of the entire public healthcare system .
[russia] ukranian military jets have been reported to have been in close proximity to mh17 , and civilian radar data collected by the russians confirms that at least one was .
[russia] belarus is 4 times smaller and ukraine gives me personally a vibe of financial black hole  in regards to outstanding corruption  , so i doubt we could afford it on any midlong term life span .
[us] people were leaving the country in droves through hungary and czechoslovakia , so the purpose of the wall  to keep people in  was moot .
[us] while your royals and some members of parliament may regurgitate religious dogma , my perception is that the same is not true for the dutch public at large .
[us] because while a single icbm is almost guaranteed to result in immediate escalation to full nuclear war  mutual annihilation , there s a chance a tactical nuke might not .
[russia] may i remind you , yanukovych won those elections and was prorussia back then , but he was changed for yushenko who was openly antirussian .
[russia] if you need comparisons  authoritarian state with extreme control from security apparatus , qaddafi , assad and others come to mind , maybe a bit  lighter  .
[us] until such a time as the eu can exhibit more solidarity , i think it would be premature to encourage the breakup of its member states .
[us] what the quite inappropriately framed treaties do is  irreversibly , incrementally and surreptitiously  hand over a right to ultimate ownership of the right to control almost every aspect of public services and market conditions  blocking any new laws which change anything concerning them   abdicating government ability and responsibility  and ability  to regulate entire market segments  like health care  they are unable to do anything that adversely effects profits , which leaves very little they can do  to the corporate new oligarchs .
[russia] that said the fragments of the boeing clearly have damage typical for a surfacetoair missile , so  ukrainian buk that secretly sneaked in the enemy rear  seems to be a better lie .
[us] the most i could see is the hol being entirely compromised of life peers   it s already mostly there   that are professionals in their fields , which would probably appease a lot of british people   from my own personal experiences , since it seems many of your fellow countrymen want to maintain a weak upper house , but still get rid of the last vestiges of hereditary  spiritual peers   while preserving the house of commons  authority as the only part of parliament with a full democratic mandate to rule .
[us] however , if you add in twenty or thirty  or likely more  chernobyls or fukushimas ... due to thermal runaway at nuclear power plants melting down in the weeks and months following the loss of the grid , human society might not recover . . certainly any huge loss of arable land  most of it is in the northern hemisphere which is also where most of the radiation would be  would be a huge loss . .
[us] and that s  perfectly fine  , but if that s the case maybe you should nt expect other countries to defend you if you wo nt do the bare , agreedupon minimum to be part of the club .
[us] because the status quo is not a longterm solution , and none of the other  solutions  like annexation can in any way be credibly implemented .
[us] i was called a ignorant fool stuck in the past for believing that nato countries should either increase military spending to 2  or eu countries should integrate militarily   or both   .
[us] the reason i m asking for printed sources , is because for something to actually be written  whether officially published or selfpublished  the author has to have really taken a lot of time to think through their position , and all the implications contained therein .
[us] when you can buy a low power arm cpu for under  0.50 that can make more than 3 billion decisions a second , and run nonstop for 30 years without a vacation , or even a restroom break , that changes everything .
[russia] if u put some thought into that , you probably can come up with some really fucked up doomsday devices , the problem with them  once you create them , there is always a risk of  errors  which may  or may not  wipe out humanity .
[russia] the older one who did it in  03  04 said it was horrible , physical and psychological torture , but it left him a better and more capable man .
[russia] it is also very nice of forbes to not mention that this  social website of strelkov  later stated that news about downed an26 were from locals , not from strelkov .
[us] i lost count of how many times i was told russia was oppressed and had nothing to do with soviet oppression being done by a georgian .
[russia] sadomasochist submissiveness to a tyrant , because secretly every one dreams to be the next tyrant , even harsher than the one before , but when they can they never will , they can not see themselves without their lords , like very eloquently put in here  1  .
[us] in case you did nt know , gdp and living standards are the biggest factors in  relevance  for countries outside of periods of war .
[us] sorry i do nt really follow , according to you why would europe spend more on defense if the current superpower  the us  is in our pocket .
[us] maybe putin would take europe and nato seriously if more than a tiny fraction  3 or 4 members last i checked , the majority noneuropean  spent what they were supposed to .
[us] and a weak upper house has been so entrenched in tradition by now that i just ca nt see it easily being reversed , hence why i ca nt see commons suddenly being keen on the idea of justifying a powerful lords by giving them a democratic mandate through elections .
[us] they are competing against the model which the nhs illustrates which sees a need for everybody to get the best possible quality health care because that reduces costs and has a ripple effect which helps all of society .
[russia] one wonders how much better off the world would be if communist revolutions had succeeded in germany , ireland , spain , and all the other hot spots of 20th century european bloodshed and genocide .
[russia] the others are either puppets or simply not fit to run our country which needs someone like an exkgb or whatnot to run it .
[russia] not many are naive enough to  truly  believe that nations are friends simply for the sake of being friends , despite what some of the comments here seem to dig at on the surface .
[us] i ve been told repeatedly that in russia  immediately after the changeover , basically all of the state owned enterprises were instantly sold off at what people gathered were insanely low prices by people who had organized crimegovernment connections . . those people are the russian oligarchs of today , and they are incredibly wealthy , even by western standsrds .
[us] unfortunately he seems intent on reenacting history rather than being part of it , and apparently nobody told him that crimea is his cyprus .
[us] ignoring the american cultural context of what people are talking about when discussing their ethnic backgrounds is a very eurocentric view of nationality and ethnicity .
[russia] that was basically the only thing he did in mordovia besides taking over local busineses and giving them to his numerous relatives and friends .
[russia] communists are asking attorney general to strip immunity off the senator and prosecute him for criminal offense , orthodox church is asking him to repent  zhirinovsky shouted traditional easter phrase       christ has resurrected   , people think government is under extreme stress due to sanctions .
[us] arguing that homosexuality is a human right merely because they are  born  like that , is like saying mental retardation is a human right merely because they were  born  like that .
[us] and they do nt give a fuck if there s natural gas shooting out of your water faucet or if the water comes out blackred or if their workers end up dying of black lung .
[us] i do nt know if you re too knackered from a weekend out to remember properly , but in march of this year there was a very real and very plain threat being posed by russia , which was acting in contravention to international law with its behavior in crimea .
[russia] arkaim fort   httpwww.ancientwisdom.co.ukrussiaarkaim.htm    1600 bc  also there is theory we had live mammoths up to  1200 ad on remote northern islands  until humans got them  .
[russia] yeah , like that time in iran   mosaddegh   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikimohammadmosaddegh  was removed from power in a coup on 19 august 1953 , organised and carried out by the cia at the request of mi6 .
[us] i was asking , basically , for a version of this debate for germany , but  actually , i think such papers actually do nt exist .
[russia] it would help for russia and russians to realize where exactly do they stand and perhaps tone down a bit with  patriot  talk and escalations of all sorts like flying bombers and whatnot .
[russia] you forget that the russians suffered as well , we lost 20mil  lowest estimate  people in wwii , and during stalin s purges  estimated 40mil victims  , a disproportionately huge number of those sentenced to gulags and killed were russians .
[russia] that s just  preventable  deaths by starvation  production is up to par and despite what people say , if resources were appropriately managed distribution is also possible .
[us] do you understand that endocrine disruptors are often active at very low levels andor at a particular stage of development even when the same chemical does not have that effect , or any effect , at a higher level
[russia] httpswww.youtube.comwatchvkqkaouidnvoamplistuurxyjhmvbewjirb2yku5euq that was probably the biggest scumbag move right after the terrorist tactic of using civilian human shields that was announced by putin and practiced ubiquitously by the  rebels  .
[russia] stay classy  reurope i know you people think russian s literally have no education or any thoughts apart from  communism invade yurop  , but come on ...
[russia] if you want to buy a pack you ll have to ask for a printed catalog where all cigarettes are listed in alphabetical order   there are rumors about  ukrainian scenario is about to happen in moldova   httptop.rbc.rueconomics22052014925634.shtml  if they ll sign association agreement with eu   government is trying to pretend they are not a dictatorship  5 years jail term for repetitive  offense  of attending to illegal peaceful protests  meetings  is being replaced with softer term   httptop.rbc.rupolitics19052014924720.shtml   3 years
[us] glad you had a good time , you probably only got to do 5  of the things here , so obviously you will need to come back .
[us] it ll still be the worst disaster humanity has ever faced , but hardly  everyone on the planet would be dead within a few days  , especially for very large countries like russia , the us , or canada .
[russia] not really , no , i think they either have already passed or are modifying the law that allows people to do their exams in tatar , bashkir or chechen .
[us] internal matters are almost entirely decided by congress , so his domestic policy is mostly about his ability to rally and lead his party  which may or may not be disposed to cooperation  .
[us] you say perpetual war , but afghanistan would nt have had a war if they were nt harboring bin laden and letting him and his associates use the country for a base for hiding and training as honored guests .
[us] lee haeyeong , professor of international relations at hanshin university , refuted this , saying ,  a clause that prevents the adoption of new regulations and ensures that any amendments go only in the direction of further openness is one that prevents retrogression regardless of what it is called .  lee went on to say ,  it is clear that the inclusion of such a clause would place limitations on south korea s policy choices .   edit  more on water privatization in ireland is httpwww.independent.ieopinioncolumnistsgenekerrigannevermindthesmallprinttrustus30620675.html httpwww.maxkeiser.com201410grandidentitytheftversionh2oirishwaterwarsbigdataprivatization
[us] this will require structural changes to the european economy  european policymakers should remove regulatory barriers to innovation , open up insular universities to innovative research and teaching methods that are used abroad , and encourage continuous intellectual exchange between the private and public sectors .
[russia] weird , from what i have read from russian history books , russian empire took you from sweden rule and given a lot of rights and autonomy type of things , also the fact that finnish nationalism formed under russian rule etc.
[us] i want to make clear that i personally do nt have any ill will or contempt against the spaniards i think this , more than anything else you said , drove home to me how completely separate you feel from the spanish .
[us] just look at all the isds cases on italaw.com where some us or eu entity sues some small country because their social programs violate some trade deals mandate to allow unfettered capitalism .
[us] honestly it s kind of bizarre that we need to make the case that an agreement that is documented  nowhere  does nt exist in the first place .
[us] occassionally , there is a sleepy guard with one of those mechanical counter things counting how many people have crossed that hour , but that s it  getting back into the us is a different matter  .
[us] i think that the crazy people who protest funerals are americans , i think that people who do nt speak english at home are americans .
[us] however , here we have madd it illegal for storebought products to contain them , whereas grocery stores in the us have to advertise that their products are free from them .
[us] in fairness , this could all be a big misunderstanding caused by the fact that the russians did not speak slowly enough for the estonians to understand .
[russia] in essence about  1,5 years or so , mostly because they were extremely hostile in their attitude and showed  very little remorse of their actions  .
[us] nobody is arguing against your points   fiscal stability  a solid industrial base  a decent standard of living i think everyone agrees that you can keep these components during a reform process .
[russia] genes do not really matter that much , unless they make you  look  foreign , it s much more important who you  think  you are .
[russia] this does not change the fact that west  systematically  attacked russia s interest around the globe and was more than happy to hoard dirty russian money , stolen from local population .
[us] 99.99  of us dont even know there are these treaties being negotiated in secret , or what they attempt to do and if americans did , we would be equally angry .
[russia] the longer the downturn of russian economy will continue , the bigger the demands of rosneft , rzd , gazprom  others for reserve fund money would be , the bloodier the bill will be in the end .
[russia] you could react , restructure , reform and pull out ahead eventually so fast , because you are relatively small , which means its easier to navigate or achieve consensus between parts of population .
[us] the only sanction russia could implement that would actually affect the u.s. is to ban sales of the rd180 rocket engine , and i actually wish he would ban these , because the u.s. company that uses these , ula , is gouging taxpayers and spacex can launch the same payloads for drastically cheaper .
[russia] this is true to some extent since the country lost its ideology and nothing really filled in the vacuum in people s hearts and minds .
[us] the other question is china , they have closer political ties to russia than to the us and would benefit long term  although falter short term against us  in an attack against the us .
[us] so you re talking about   social models  ,   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisocialmodel  and you both are trying to say that the scandinavians do nt engage in  wage dumping  or  social dumping  .
[us] i ve been to zurich and spent quite some time exploring , and it s cool , but does nt have near the type of cultural or nightlife or beating heart that chicago has .
[russia] russia was the only player with resources  so my blaming it for the outcome does not mean it did so out of pure malice or anything .
[russia] the very first bullet point of the deal  that yanukovich had to sign in 48 hours the law about restoration of the constitution 2004 .
[us] to treat them as a fundamentally new phenomenon , brought about by the end of the cold war or increased globalization , represents yet another example of the widespread tendency among social scientists to perceive their own times as unique and exceptionally dynamic  on  chrono  centrism ,  see fowles 1974  .
[us] of course , if you did all start calling smartphones iphones , the term would probably become genericized , and apple would risk losing the trademark anyway .
[us] kwazulunatal , south africa  after the world bank forced kwazulunatal province in south africa to pri  vatize its water , those who were too poor to pay were simply cut off .
[us] online gambling is so small as to have been under the radar , but health insurance is so huge that they would be compelled to make an example out of us .
[us] though , using a current example , us presence  is  the reason why russia is being so relatively careful in what it s doing in ukraine .
[us] i ve never understood the prominent sentiment in this subreddit that it would be a good idea to just scrap your conventional military and merely rely on a nuclear deterrent .
[us] i mean , you seem to be operating under the assumption that you do nt pay attention to stuff , therefore big news corporations do nt pay attention to stuff as well .
[russia] flying a plane over a warzone and deviating from the established course is hardly safe either , try to do that and see how many planes you lose .
[us] if there is a god , it s trying to kill him but now he s got a friggin pig heart or some such and likely takes shots of fetal stem cells .
[russia] edit  even if saudis are linked to this event they did nt need to do  or pay  a lot to motivate locals in dagestan to become terrorists .
[us] afaik , there s still powerful crime syndicates in southern italy , there was an article this year that said their contributions to italy s economy was tens of billions of dollars .
[russia] tbh , at the same time stalin  deliberately  killed even more russians than ukrainians but about half of modern russians are nt aware of this fact , or prefer not to know .
[us] this whole problem is created by a few criminals and miscreants , but it has been exacerbated by the local authorities that are either incompetent or unwilling to solve the issue but most likely both .
[russia] i do nt care about the lenin statues , the hatred towards them on the part of ukrainians i find amusing more than anything else  considering he was one of the central people in the creation of a ukrainian state  .
[russia] so i think oblastlevel radasdumas , elected governors that can not be dismissed from kievmoscow and extensive oblastlevel taxes that are used to fund everything except federal stuff like pensions , highways and defense are something that both our countries need .
[us] but it would be far more efficient , politically and economically , for europe to focus on reattracting talented europeans who have left the continent to work elsewhere .
[russia] you do nt have to feel bad  i m not homophobic and it s impossible to offend me by calling me  gay  ,  jew   note  in russia you are either prokremlin  patriot  or  jew   ,  paid foreign agent  ,  spy  etc.
[russia] no , we are not north korea yet , neither iron curtain has befall on russia , i doubt it will in the next year or two .
[russia] in terms of economy , everything was going downhill before any euromaidan activities , russian economical model of living from oilgas has reached its peak and our budget runs deficits with oil even at 100  barrel , now it will be used as a convenient excuse and scapegoat for our own failures and missteps .
[russia] this is why you are  most important partner  with u.s and host all those cia prisons , missile shields and other shit , because by yourself in world of realpolitik poland is not that strong .
[us] ttip   httpwww.bilaterals.orgttip   is just half of a pair , the other side is tisa   trade in services agreement   httpwww.worldpsi.orgsitesdefaultfilesdocumentsresearchreporttisaenglr2.pdf   which will cover services and probably effect a lot more people s workplaces .
[us] as mentioned above , some people just do nt see the value in a nationalized healthcare system , or seem to understand how it actually benefits society as a whole , including themselves 2  .
[russia] and it s a full blown war of annihilation so everything is on stake , just to remind you , but as ukrainian you should know that anyway .
[russia] couple weeks ago nobody expected russia can invade friendly slavic state  now i believe putin is capable to restore whole ussr  territory  before 2020 .
[us] at least until tisa comes out which is services , like peoples jobs , health insurance , and all sorts of important stuff like that . . tisa is supposed to be even bigger . . around 60  of all jobs are service jobs .
[russia] its just a general feeling that i got from reading most of western russia related articles or comments , very little context provided as to why russia and russians act in the way they did , support people they support and behave in general .
[us] so , what is called for is additional redundant cooling systems for spent fuel pools which are completely independent of global grids . . we need to prioritize the building and maintenance of cooling systems which could maintain cooling of the spent fuel pools for an extended period  years  the risk that some nuclear power plants might go into melt down if the grid disruption leads to any inability to cool the spent fuel sounds quite terrifying but the fact is , its an engineering problem that can be addressed far better than many others and what is called for is a global effort to address all of the issues surrounding that issue adequately now .
[us] look at all these countries that jumped to eu and their economy and quality of life dramatically improved and they are now in the safety of nato .
[us] i really hope yes comes through just so everyone who has ratcheted up their doom and gloom now have to tuck tail and work with the result of their ugly politics .
[russia] oh , and putin is not a problem , at least no more than most of other major politicians  especially of that one country across the world  .
[us] until relatively recently , people did not realize that genital skin destruction surgery destroyed 3050  of the surface area of the penis including what are most often the best feeling parts of the penis   taylor , 1996   httpwww.cirp.orglibraryanatomytaylor    meislahn  taylor , 2004   httplink.springer.comchapter10.100797814757401103    sorrells , 2007   httponlinelibrary.wiley.comdoi10.1111j.1464410x.2006.06685.xabstract    nsfw relevant diagram   httpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons227sorrells.gif    bronselaer , 2013   httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpubmed23374102   .
[us] might as well keep the energy coming from our borders in a cleaner manner than from a source that funds backwards monarchies or terrorism .
[russia] as expected really , it was pretty obvious even half a year ago when i wrote somewhere here that russia will try to hurt ukraine as much as possible , thus i emphasized western moneyknowhow importance in relations to ukraine  given that their desire to change is genuine and they will work their ass off  .
[us] meanwhile a third of europe s youth is unemployed that s apart of the larger economic problems in europe and would likely be mostly unaffected by immigration , especially if you spread out the refugees .
[russia] sometimes i wonder whats going on in heads of ukrainians and their respective officials , what exactly their media is feeding them , so that they think that this is a  viable  option at all
[us] i do nt know how many other people feel like her , or various shades of that opinion ,  from  dislike  to hers , aka  hate   but i do nt think it s just her .
[russia] such a mindset is incompatible to its average european counterpart unless both sides would go to the great lengths in order to improve mutual understanding .
[russia] with nato missile shield , first strike from russian side leads to mad , but first strike from nato side does nt as retaliatory strike is managed by missile shield .
[russia] i meant , that documentary implied that the ussr was spending  petrodollars  for buying goods for gdr , when in moscow shops any westernmade goods were extremely rare .
[us] i did have a social work internship during undergrad , though , and i went to a liberal arts school so i took classes in psych , anthro , and society .
[russia] we are living in 21st century , there is so much different shit out there smartphones , dashcams , hidden cameras , satellites , drones with high res shit , give  something  as a proof of your words .
[russia] as for minsk agreements , i do nt think anyone took those seriously from any side and even if they did i doubt ukraine would simply  let go of southeast  if it choose to vote so .
[russia] what russian banks were doing up until now was borrow in the west for whatever they could 3,4,5,6,7  and give to population for 121314 etc , relatively simple and profitable business , mainly because russian central bank refused to lower the ratesfinance the economy  beats me why they are not following their beloved washington consensusfrs and ecb  .
[us] victor orban seemed quite clear about his philosophy in his july 26 speech in which he says he wants to build an  illiberal state  , listing russia , turkey and china as examples of  successful  nations ,  none of which is liberal and some of which are nt even democracies .  i mean , even the euroskeptics largely support liberal democracy ...
[russia] how your  military truck drivers  are related to my original comment , if you re not implying that they are qualified to  steal industrial equipment
[us] it sounds to me like you re less aggravated about the senate and more aggravated about the idea of the united states being a federation that recognizes   in a sense   it s constituent states as equal members in a balanced union   who s individual populations and the extra influencestanding they entail is acknowledged through the lower house   .
[russia] you sound like every nazi or stalin apologist i have heard and that does nt make me feel good about what you say even though you re pretty reasonable thus far .
[us] nato as a whole also has far more than tenfold the general staff , intelligence apparatus , logistical needs , and often the equipment is nt necessarily compatible with other countries equipment , nato standardization be damned .
[us] what the us cia did in south america over the last century could very well be considered just that , and i am sure the old soviet kgb would be guilty as well .
[russia] meanwhile , the ukrainian army is more than happy to use the fury over the death of eu civilians as political cover as it intensifies its artillery attacks on civilian populations .
[russia] they already showed that attitude time and time again , so in my mind in a pure sense of selfpreservation putin and his buddies oligarchs whom he controls , would be more interested in a prosperous and strong russia .
[russia] putin concentrated all the power in his hands , all branches of power are controlled , plus media , plus administrative resourse  influence on  33 mln of votes of state workers plus  42 mln of pensioners , that s popularity of all citizens and majority of all voters  , putin s friends are exempt from legal prosecution and any opposers are often punished illegally .
[russia] soviets , though the conclusion is arguable , estimated that comparing to the domestic production during the war , the lendlease accounted to about 4  of the expenditures .
[russia] however , if prostitution is not legalised in a certain nation , i would object a lot more if only the prostitutes were arrested as opposed to only the solicitors being arrested .
[us] britain and france wanted to use it as an excuse to get to the swedish metal resources but only sweden actually did anything serious to help .
[us] these loans are usually good to take out if you qualify for them , but only if you need them to pay for the rest of your education .
[us] if you made  twice  that you would  probably   still  be able to rent your own place and have a car and save some money .
[russia] identity i would nt recommend to visit southern region of this  identity  because amount of refugees from the country says there is ongoing war happening within the  identity   there are way to many people who can not see anything in common between russians , chechens , buriats , tatars , dagestani , etc.
[us] given that in the decade leading up to the retirement of the  ark royal  and faa the rn was routinely deploying their carriers with only 4 harriers on them , despite having a paper strength of 30 airframes , i m not overly optimistic on the rn operationally using anywhere close to their theoretical maximum .
[russia] the latter has been operating on hospitable finnish soil and remains one of the few respected media which provides information about russia at first hand .
[us] i agree with you in general  especially reading askreddit  , though i think with the internet it s easier to find things these days .
[russia] there are reasons why nations that occupied otherscolonized them , almost never acknowledged responsibility or desire to pay up immediately after the exit  germany is an exception  .
[russia] being friendly with russia is not the same as being friendly with african nations , you ca nt just come in and rob it of its wealth to strengthen your own standards of living , like you can in nigeria .
[russia] as for target  there was a comment here how attack on currently unprotected baltic states with followup  federalization  of them maywill lead to dissolution of nato as nonexistent entity .
[us] the agreement was for 2  of the gdp  which is a little less than half of the case with the us , the gap grows bigger if you count the va in defense spending but most americans do nt for some reason  for nato member countries .
[russia] well , thou shall not say  gay  without swearing to god that you re not homophobic first , double it if you re russian .
[us] thus , the bullying is not random , but calculated to maximize insecurity in those states in a manner that erodes confidence in the relationship with nato and its promise of security .
[russia] i did nt heard anything about interpol , for starters , and we do nt know any details because , well , they were nt reported .
[us] i m not sure why everyone is jumping down my throat about fracking as i never even mentioned it in my original comment and in the follow up i specifically mention coal dust not fracking .
[us] not to mention every time you convince a group of people to vote third party , only to see both their preferred candidate  and   lesser evil  lose , you dissuade them further .
[russia] sitting in his cabinet , discussing with his  economic  advisers in banes voice   it does nt matter who we are , what matters is our plan .
[us] i m curious on knowing how much the usa helped with the war , but that will take ages to find out for sure and things lose classified status .
[russia] overall , you might have won the battle , but the  war  is far from over and its not a military one which is being portrayed in your country s media , but an economical you should be afraid of .
[us] the only thing i ve had a problem with is scandinavian pickled fish , but i do nt like pickled or fermented meats in general .
[us] you guys just seem to be kind of fair weather fans of the us and nato , and i do nt expect any upvotes for that statement .
[russia] i d say they re on par with christian pop in the us , but then even those guys have quite a few classics i m sure ...
[us] russia might as well think the country can collectively walk on water since that is as realistic as the denial they are in with the wannabe super power chest beating .
[us] europe almost committed suicide , and then gave the united states 55 years to consolidate the position of the dollar within the global economy .
[russia] there were no sources that show something even remotely similar to  some of the most disturbing pieces on the  ukrainian gay nazi jew fascists  on rt.
[russia] nobody who lives in that part of the world today ever thought of themselves as living in novorossiya  thanks to google , such cringeworthy attempts at propaganda can be easily debunked .
[us] i ll be the one who dies a slow , painful  lingering death as my body slowly disintegrates from radiation poisoning  first my hair will fallout , then my teeth  then the slow sickful death with blood leaking out of my orifices .
[us] 2  i think the far greater factors are total regional stability , combined with a massive , friendly export partner a 20 minute drive from most major canadian cities .
[russia] chechnya was a definition of a failed state by any means , hell , they still probably are , but at least they are kept quiet under kadyrov warlord persona .
[us] he wanted american soldiers to remain under the condition they be subject to iraqi courts , the same ones he had a hand in corrupting  increasing sectarian strife in , so he can suck my american balls for that .
[russia] i was born and raised in chernivtsi , i speak ukrainian myself as well , but you do nt see me defending upa or stalin .
[russia] basically instead of sending money to siemens , metro and bayern , we would start making our own , perhaps shittier , but we would have no choice , thus diversifying our economy and creating jobs .
[russia] destabilized or ukraine as a failstate sounds like not that bad of an option in terms of prospect for  power hold   and other goals like population decline in syberiafar east etc  .
[russia] httpwww.reddit.comreuropecomments2iam4frussiacancelsexchangeprogramafterastudent   interpol has refused a request filed by russian authorities to issue red notice , or international wanted person alert , for ukrainian oligarch ihor kolomoisky .
[us] i mean , people talk about america invading countries , but i have yet to kill even one person in the middle east yet .
[us] although , i do recall alexander asked that a larger tomb for his father be built in his will , but it never happened , so i guess that explains that .
[us] throw in seven round limit and it is just a race to the bottom on who can pass more pointless laws between ny , nj , dc , and ca .
[russia] practically his church was the only party that was doing this work , neither the government , nor the separatists , nor the  official  orthodox churches did much about it .
[russia] unless of course , government  and public  prefer to finance kremlin s wars by buying oil and gas from russian federation  6 wars in 23 years  .
[russia] there are also various monsters from the ural mountains , like the silverhoof deer , the golden snake and the local deity , the mistress of copper mountain , but they are of course younger than those above .
[russia] the problem with russians abroad is that they tend to be ignored by the local media quite often , then , in turn , feel alienated , watch russian tv and get an idea of russia  the country  as some sort of a magical heaven  which it is not  .
[russia] correct , i am in eastern europe and i feel so good about ussr fall  despite loss of family members  i want to see it again with rufed .
[us] is shit like this that make me distrust these national comparisons , is there really any real reason that 80  needs a color switch , other than giving western europe another thing to circlejerk over
[russia] i believe longterm staying in baltic is nt the reason for invasion  the reason is to demonstrate nato can not protect them and therefore should be dissolved .
[russia] this trend of making more shit up until it s unbelievable , and then pushing to absolutely impossible is quite a common one in russia , i m sick of it , and it hurts to see it go to export .
[us] i m not an expert on the russian education system but i do know how it works around here and i m sure inner city chicago public schools certainly have some similarities to some poor russian schools .
[us] it s seriously not hard  we wiped them out from afghanistan initially in 2002 but then since nobody could step up to run the country they all came back .
[us] that was created not only to fight the integration efforts the us government was placing on the south but also the droves of  nonwhite  migrants of italian , polish and irish heritage and many of these  carpet baggers  were catholic or jewish .
[russia] perhaps if the eu wants to show they re better than us or russia , they should step up and break free of the grip that large corporations have on their policymaking .
[us] we were sold the bill of goods that obama was a  liberal  which in the us mean left of center , and americans are still really in a state of shock that he consistently signals left and turns right , and most of us are just trying to figure it out .
[us] check your ignorant behavior to that woman and you bragging about it here and try and talk about others some more as if your opinions mean anything .
[russia] lastly about putin comments , i would have to guess that you are not a native russian speaker and can not understand intonations or what is truly meant behind his words .
[us] lol nor did i know you could actually compare legislatures to ceremonial semiexecutives ... but meh ... an i m sorry if i do nt want to entrench a single family permanently on a throne , within the upper echelons of my government  society , with access to our highest government leaders every week , while giving them no responsibility at all other than huge paychecks  ability to manipulate my government behind the scenes .
[russia] on the other hand , i remember going to an absolutely amazing restaurant called  la taifas  that i should visit again , the prices were quite high there for eastern europe , but hard to find better moldovan food anywhere else
[us] just to clear things up , the launch was nt by nasa , it was actually by a private company , who were actually using russian right rockets .
[russia] the amount of bullshit or blatant disinformation was  is  astounding , fake videos , ninjaedits , cutting things out of context , you name it , ukraine had it all .
[russia] your ww2 history is kind a interesting in that regard , the amount of tech , ships , planes and army you amass before any operation is astounding and you almost annihilate anyone who oppose you   vietnam , fire bombings , nukes etc  .
[us] yeah , because everyone in america speaks the same language , has the same culture , same music , and eats the same food .
[us] such families in the us can expect to receive health care , some food funding , housing subsidies , educational scholarships , and more .
[us] we are moving into a multipolar world centered on asia , hence why we re pivoting to asia  trying to move away from europe , but we ca nt move away from europe if europe divides  handicaps itself , thus increasing it s dependence on us .
[us] the uk has already said that we are using both carriers that we are building and will be buying plenty of f35 c classes .
[russia] of course he is engaged , sorm is required to be installed at connection relays  or how is it called  plus after law about blocking content related to pedophiliadrugssuicide isps began to install deep packet inspection systems  which is another  fraud  because one of goverments people relatives has a business which sell dpi systems  .
[russia] right now checks are selective , if a car has children inside or local license plate then most likely it ll pass without check , however if there is a male in a car with license plate from another  russian country   moscow for example  or  even worse  group of youth  then  fun  times are guaranteed .
[us] the health insurance association of america describes medicaid as a  government insurance program for persons of all ages whose income and resources are insufficient to pay for health care .
[russia] they do nt know about software updates and maintenance , they have no clue that cutting the internet will mean  say goodbye to all modern industry , medicine , trade and gasoil delivery and whatever  .
[us] there were plebiscites in silesia and masuria , a war in the east with the soviets , and a polishsponsored  secessionist  state in lithuania that brought wilnovilnius into poland .
[us] i just think hard rules applied across all of the eu is a ridiculous way to function especially without effective money transfers to help troubled areas .
[us] the us industry and consumers on the other hand have stuck with not being on the metric system , so all us official weights and measures are in metric , then are converted for everyday use .
[us] banning circumcision does nt help those kids , because they ll be circumcised anyway  all it does it make their lives suck as they have to go to extraordinary lengths to make sure no state official or lawabiding health professional ever sees their penis .
[us] all i know is that , right now , i only support the us going to europe s defense in the most dire of circumstances , i.e.
[us] currently it is illegal to succeed because most americans are antisuccession and the supreme court set a precedent it could easily reverse should public opinion reverse .
[russia] he may be a dictator in the sense of his power , but in the negative sense of the word that implies a  junta  , it is inaccurate , because an autocrat can have wide popular support , whereas the stereotype of a  junta  implies that there is no such thing .
[russia] how is it fine to arm  moderates  who later have a tendency to become isis , but russia doing what it considers in its own national interest is unjust
[russia] russia mulls return of  against all  option on election ballots  russian nationalist leader zhirinovsky calls for cap on sex   starting this year we are introducing norms for sexual activity  once a quarter ,  said zhirinovsky , who said he did nt drink , smoke or eat meat during the holidays .
[us] i was lucky enough to be born in 1993 right after the fall of the soviet union so i think my generation will hopefully make this country much better than our predecessors have .
[us] this is what ny thin crust looks like  http1.bp.blogspot.comujpbm8xjio8thbopnisueiaaaaaaaaah09wydqbsbaees1600dscn1308.jpg this is regular street pizza  httpsi.imgur.comajzx3zh.jpg yeah , i ca nt believe all the construction going on .
[russia] i hope nato command is thinking already  how to counter russian fighter jets , bombers , helicopters which will appear in the conflict zone couple weeks later than   russian army    ukrainian freedom fighters  will take over airport in donetsk .
[us] the opposition would jump on this a chance to show that he has lost his cool and that the pressure of the job is getting to him .
[russia] i am sure the scouts today do nt march around yelling  heil hitler  or whatever , but is it wise to organise youth events and name them after nazi collaborator groups
[us] i kept seeing references of new bases being rejected in eastern nato countries in order to maintain agreement with russia from the late 90 s .
[us] he s spoken out against the blanket condemnation and hatred that many people in the church feel towards gays , and that s all .
[us] based upon a storm as intense as the 1921 storm , metatech estimated that within the united states , induced voltage and current spikes , combined with harmonic anomalies , would severely damage or destroy over 350 ehv power transformers critical to the functioning of the us grid and possibly impact well over 2000 ehv transformers worldwide .
[russia] still these passports came in handy when ussr felt apart  suddenly people with exactly the same passports  but different ink marks in them  became citizens of completely different countries , without issuing any new documents .
[russia] well ,  start  sort a indicates the start of protests in my opinion , not russian annexation of crimea   i did questioned the notion of  fascist everywhere  portrayed by russian media initially and wondered why we were doing that , but its not like kremlin reports directly to me , so i have no idea .
[russia] apparently this is the kind of people who can see an identity within rufed s border  uninformed or those who are trying to ignore reality intentionally .
[us] they would nt have to negate  99  of the eu s nuclear arsenal  , only whatever was on the 2  1 french , 1 british  ssbns on patrol .
[us] it seems that it is easier to squeeze a two meter pole into your ass than it is to squeeze a fact into your head  you made a claim , you should prove it .
[us] because i ve eaten pizza in the czech republic and poland , and i ca nt imagine the pizza in sweden is much better .
[russia] europeans are slaves to their own propaganda machines , it s just that the european propaganda machine is mostly good , the european gov  ts are largely decent and they do nt feed the same garbage they feed russians at home .
[us] huge postwar apartment buildings in us cities have all been privatized involuntarily in the last 20 years , due to the gats free trade agreement which prohibits public ownership of services if they cost money or compete with any for profit business .
[us] oh god , the horror that is living in poland in 2014 where polish people are richer than almost the entire world and have never had a better quality of life in their entire history while growth continues inside of the larger eu economy that helps to prop it up and build it .
[russia] you guys have too much of a high opinion of yourself , while honestly most russians do nt even give you a passing thought unless asked .
[us] slovenia is a small country in the balkans that was a republic of yugoslavia , and previous to that was part of the austrohungarian empire .
[us] or , rather , are you just using academic language to describe a thought that you had once with nothing to back it up whatsoever except your feels
[russia] it s a split , it runs along party lines  check the last yanukovich election to give you an idea of who s supporting what .
[russia] also gays recently , it s really sad because the homophobia became one of the new bad things that rose up after the ussr fell .
[russia] by your logic persons fate is decided from the place where he was born and not where he grew up , with whom interacted , where did he got his education and life experience .
[us] which can be checked against by being appointed by their legislature instead of a popular vote ... but i still back the popular vote idea ... and you know ... representative democracy is pretty cool ... hence why the house of lords has little authority relative to the lower house  your queen is only a figurehead ...  the commons are the ones who have pushed scotland towards independence not the lords .
[us] to be honest i like it here where i can go shopping in a 5 dollar shirt , 10 dollar jeans and no one will care .
[us] there are calls that create sustainable security , not to interpret other people s vague indications of overtures that war preparations and contribute to a military upptrissat tone which muscles are measured against each other .
[us] even among mainstream american culture , differences exist  the religious beliefs  or , more likely , lack thereof  of a san francisco tech worker are very distinct from a louisianian revivalist .
[us] russia also has the issue that in their nationalistic fervor they are selling to china for cheaper prices than eu and using the ruble which makes the price even cheaper as it continues to lose value versus the dollareuro .
[us] and perhaps most importantly the uk is unlikely to buy enough f35s for the theoretical deployable maximum of  one  carrier , much less both .
[us] rwanda , ethnic cleansing in the balkans , islamic extremists taking over mali , the threat of a aggressive russia , none are suitable excuses for when it comes to the very german threat of a reconstituted 4th reich .
[us] i assumed that in most countries you would be offered something like points or cash back for using credit cards , but it sounds like that s not the case in some places in europe .
[russia] well , at least western media does nt know about russian omens , otherwise there would be articles like  new evidence of putin s secret billions he stole from russian people  .
[russia] also , russia is really close to that part of lugansk  less than 10 km  wheres the range of grad rockets can reach 45 km and nona mortars  12.8 km .
[us] i explained that it was actually the  state  governments that opened the  national  parks back up since they  the national parks  are usually partially or wholly funded by the  federal  government .
[us] when i lived near los angeles i saw lots of middle eastern people but once i moved out here to ohio i ve seen one middle eastern person in the last few years .
[us] the main source of inefficiency is that national laws are painfully hard to create , although some would argue that this is on purpose .
[russia] sanctions  consequences , but they do nt work immediately as a lot of people here seem to think , that is all i was trying to say .
[us] if you put the op question to people in the midwest who had never been out of the country , i would nt be surprised at all if germany was the most common answer .
[us] that is a lot more beneficial to them than a country that acts like a bully that controls their government and does nt even have an impressive economy .
[us] mind you , it s not that i ve found the experience in britain all that bad  the trains are still clean and reasonably punctual  , but it does nt compare to the french tgv or the german ice .
[russia] i mean , of course nobody is stopping moldova from ignoring russia s interests , but do nt act all surprised and injured when russia in turn does nt respect moldova s interests .
[russia] it s stunning that the rebels would allow something so munificent considering those soldiers would rearm with plentiful weapons  small arms are nt in short supply  and come back to kill more rebels .
[us] in many ways , yes , but my point was that our member states do nt have as much autonomy as they had envisionedhoped for when they established our government .
[us] and the spearhead of this movement develops a very convenient cancer and mexico devolves into a failed state and ...  are you saying we gave the leader cancer
[russia] the only reason europe is not on the brink of a nuclear war right now is that i forgot to withdraw  30 from atm this morning .
[russia] firstly you brought up ww2 as an example of russian weakness at war , for now you re talking about mass rapes as an evidence of what
[russia] yep , the official story goes   liberal and prowestern  members of the elite invited polish king to rule russia after everyone got tired of polish  meddling  in russian  internal  affairs , but a popular uprising of  true patriots  thwarted this attempt and kicked the poles out of kremlin .
[russia] please excuse me if i m misunderstanding this , but are you saying that russia  taking over all the tv companies   which it has nt  is  worse  than collapsing governments , killing heads of state , and conspiring to kill heads of state , repeatedly since the end of wwii
[us] it is not disintegrating or splitting up like the soviet union or czechoslovakia , which is what your post implies  it is loosing a member .
[russia] latest example of the culture  car with 4 chechens tried to speed up  near kremlin by the way  , another car did nt allow them to , they ve shot the vehicle few times  i ll add link to the article in  what happened in your country this week
[russia] ukrainian nationalists have convinced themselves that all ukrainians hate russia and want to canonize bandera ergo the protesters in the east must all be putin s agents who ought to be exterminated .
[us] i own guns and like to shoot and hunt , but then people like that do something crazy and give us all a bad name .
[russia] never cared enough about them to read about bandera and his  doings  during ww2 , you might ask poles though how much do they like the guy and his  activities  so to speak .
[us] the main argument i hear in support of the eu is a defeatist one , that  globalization is inevitable , so might as well give up on maintaining a national identity .
[us] because right now we re having a huge drought in the southwest , which if you look at the historical record , could turn into a thousand year drought , the last one was around 800 years ago see httpswww.ncdc.noaa.govpaleodroughtdrghtlongerlake.html  site starts at httpswww.ncdc.noaa.govpaleodroughtdrghthome.html  if that is the case , it will be a disaster for our country and one we ll need all our natural gas to deal with .
[us] the thing about tactical nukes , for better or worse , is that it s not mutually assured destruction from the getgo like with icbms .
[russia] poland pays what it pays because they had no alternative  and because of their political stances , their previous role in gas transit alongside ukraine and others  , which is why they are building lng terminal .
[us] the greeks supplied the scientific bulwark for europe s posterity  as far as i m concerned , greece s nobel prize quotient is 5.5 .
[russia] actually if you think about it at some point in the past most of things were annexed military , even if it s one tribe vs another one .
[russia] every time i see  fuck russia  ,  fuck russians  ,  let s nuke them fuckers  all i want to say is  fuck you too , random internet person  , but then i remember that y all guys are upset with our government s policies and not me personally .
[russia] blocked off on all sides and from the three major global economic centers  europe , north america , and east asia  , the russian economy will collapse and , i suppose , separatism will become a real issue again  assuming russia does nt emulate north korea and totally clamp down  .
[russia] i do nt know about you , but i see about 95  of posts in regards to ww2 with   soviet union  nazi germany has started world war 2  type of comments .
[russia] ofc this is like an arms exports , if not you , then someone else will do it , such is the game  i am also more and more disappointed with putin approach and government actions , i fail to see any coherent policy at all  nothing but desire to  hide the head in the sand  .
[russia] it was called the dissolution of the ussr , and other than the killing of communist party members in moscow it went rather peacefully as far as coups go .
[us] neoliberal bullshit that actually have put those countries in bad spot in the first place like it did in poland ,  oh wait   httpwww.efic.gov.aucountrycountryprofilespublishingimagescountryprofilepolandmay2012chart07.png  .
[us] i would argue that if not the fact communist poland was basically robbed and stopped from developing by soviet union , the communism itself would nt be so crippling , as you can see today its not like the former  ussr itself was doing so well   httpswww.google.compublicdataexploredsd5bncppjof8f9ampmetynygdppcapcdampidimcountrypolrusukramphlenampdlenctypelampstrailfalseampbcsdampnselmhampmetynygdppcapcdampscaleylinampindyfalseamprdimregionampidimcountrypolrusukrampifdimregionamphlenusampdlenampindfalse  .
[us] this is excerpted from   the wto s threats to global water security  the general agreement on trade in services and beyond  from ifg.org url  http204.200.203.35pdfcancunissueswtowater.pdf  forced water privatization  the general agreement on trade in services  gats   the gats takes the decision of whether or not to privatize water services , and under what conditions , out of the hands of communities and governments and puts it into the hands of the wto .
[russia] have you forgotten euromaidan and the amount of bullshit that was being expressed on stage and live about russian tanks , chechen mercenaries already in kiev and so on
[us] germany has a big , big problem with their aviation   httpwww.armedforcesint.comnewsreportshortfallsgroundgermanysaircraft.html  , even though by all rights they should be spending enough money to keep most of their aircraft operational .
[us] i actually agree with you , but it s worth noting that most people do nt really care when the entity being restricted is a foreign government ... and because the russian government owns almost all their tv media , you re restricting them , not a corporation or individual .
[russia] no it is nt , but the contents of the  news  looks more like  adding constant fuel to the fire  , rather than investigative journalism or reporting from the locals .
[us] they convinced the us to cut children s genitals when people had not developed any ethical ideas about respecting the child s right to autonomy over his  or her  own body using unbelievably terrible science .
[us] your company would be immediately killed by entry barriers and the terrible business environment there , the majors would destroy you and your business model .
[us] i agree with mearsheimer on the  offshore balancer  hypothesis , because he and i both think that europe  and south korea  are rich enough to provide for their own security .
[russia] you mean a movement which declared itself a political party now and have a presidency candidate is working on its public image and portrays itself in a positive light before population
[russia] i like it that you re trying to relate to albanians who are , to put it mildly , quite unpopular , but do nt paint serbs in all black .
[us] because , if there s one thing that will deter china in their territorial disputes with japan  the phillipines , and if there s one thing that will preserve our relationship with all our other allies in the region , it ll be by putting them all on the backburner because we re distracted with something halfway around the world .
[us] it has not slowed down the economy and usa is more than capable of servicing debt as evidenced by low yield and how desirable us securities are .
[russia] the first one has babai  a cossack who served in the army years ago  in ukraine and some random dude with a beard who does not look anything like babai in georgia .
[russia] mh17 was politicized and has continued to be politicized from zero hour onward , relying on such sturdy proof as rumors on social networking sites to take political advantage of 300 civilian deaths before their corpses had even cooled .
[russia] imagine what will happen if one of the trucks will carry and deploy a machine gun andor cannon and start shooting onto ukrainians and they ll have to answer .
[us] i find the comparisons to italy kind of weird , since yes , they do drink coffee all the time , but the thing is , that coffee is in little cups .
[us] where our intervention in wwii prevented the iron curtain extending to the channel , where our garrisoning of the fulda gap deterred the soviets from annexing western europe , where the marshall plan helped speed up the postwar recovery of europe  where america s contribution to nato   combined with all the other shit   helped provide the stability  foundation needed for paneuropean integration to really take off .
[us] ... that was an argument for doing the circumsicion as a child , so they wouldnt have to go through that as an adult .
[russia] in regards to growth , sooo , this growth you are talking about is backed up by a strong and solid economies , and not credit bubbles and debt , right
[russia] on the country , we will hate you , for it would nt be our government sanctioning us and making us poor , it would be you .
[us] they ve used russia s weakening economic state to price gouge them on that big fuel deal a few months back , but that s about it .
[us] edit   although we are on the verge of making puerto rico a state despite them being a spanishspeaking territory that s majority hispanic after  they voted for statehood in a referendum .
[russia] pls stop , u too mad   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiunitedkingdom  i do nt even care what you write after that , probably more raeg russia bad my country good cus democracy and stuff , lel buttmad guy from unimportant country 3
[russia] you can tell about them stoopid zombies all day long , but keep in mind that fighting people usually have serious reasons to fight .
[us] people ,  please  read this about the secret tisa trade deal   httpwww.eiie.orgennewsnewsdetails2659  which is being negotiated in secret , many people feel its a threat to free public education everywhere .
[russia] there is a problem with ukrainian army  it partially consist of ethnic russians and many of them may  and will  defect instantly if they ll face russian army .
[us] the forces originally behind the antiforeskinantimasturbation movement in british and us medicine were originally religious , but it has since become its own movement  though still obviously reinforced by religious interests and individuals  .
[russia] judging by their reaction , i d say they were relieved that this time ukraine did nt dare to send another neonazi  train of friendship  like it was done in 1992 .
[russia] i m more interested what awaits ukraine and russia when we  will move in to restore constitutional order  , this is a bit  wild  for my taste .
[us] maybe you have proof that stories are fake or that the aid organizations are lying , because its not like racism in the world is really that hard of stretch .
[us] even if it was consensual , which there is no evidence it was and plenty it was nt , she was 13 which makes it rape .
[russia] and now from your mouth spews such wonderful hatred and sewage such as   by all means this is war , and unfortunately innocent people die in wars .
[russia] it was nt georgia who dragged 150  russian tanks to the border  it takes 3  months  and started evacuation in south ossetia 2 weeks prior to the war .
[russia] what he s essentially saying is we want to be part of these discussions because we own you nope , because you ca nt pretend like that agreement would nt affect russia .
[russia] this dancing bridge in volgograd   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvuwp5d2t2jve  was built in 2009 , it took  13 years  and the bridge is   10   3 times shorter than kerch strait in the narrowest place .
[russia] what s more outlandish , that people are racist dicks or that putin fucking himself is spending money to sway the gent  le  sir opinions of the redditor neckbeards
[russia] just like god knows how many syrians suddenly decided to relocate from their respective country , or yazidi guys or any other ethnic group who suddenly had the urge to travel
[us] i know where i live  midwest us  we dont want to fight against russia because we are nt sure if russia actually will use nuclear weapons , if they do no one wins .
[us] so , endorsing ttip means endorsing a very radical stripping of the public interest into a tiered society where compassion is deliberately framed as bad .
[russia] the old dichotomy between a relatively small number of highly problematic drug users , often injecting , and a larger number of recreational and experimental users , is breaking down and being replaced by a more graduated and complex situation .
[us] in california my experience is  roughly   french , germans , and australians will travel all over the natural areas including to lesser known state parks and such .
[russia] if you were to check my comment history , you would see that i actually critisize putin and not exactly understand why we act in such manner when it comes to ukraine .
[us] it was only after comparing the two , that i realized i sided more with the 1997 article than the 2012 article , but  at least  the 2012 article spells out  fully  the entirety of us grand strategy and , for example , why the us spends as much as it does on defense .
[us] as in they re out for themselves and once america leaves the middle east they re going to continue to be a thorn in the side of the eu , china  russia .
[us] all russia needs is a guarantee that those states will not house a nato military presence which would allow russia to establish the baltics as a neutral zonedemilitarized zone of sorts , between it and nato , rather than see it turned into a spear head against russia .
[us] new zealand , south korea , israel , philippines , japan , argentina , australia , china , canada , chile , iran , bahamas , and morocco .
[us] the people of hong kong are also very much concerned over the fact that beijing is completely quiet on what is going to happen in 2047 .
[us] ttip  which hopes to basically override all sorts of us and eu laws , including important policies and us state laws which protect many from toxic policy and  chemicals   httpwww.ciel.orgpublicationstoxicpartnershipmar2014.pdf  and potentially harmful foods , is completely absent from the us mass media .
[russia] also we have federal districts and regions including caucasus and some far eastern regions like tuva which would declare separation once there would be no money to pump into , and some richer ones like tatarstan and other oilgas producing regions may want to separate too to not share their economy .
[russia] i get that irrational hatred of gypsies and muslims because they are elements within european countries that people perceive as disruptive and have negative experinces with  i.e  i ve been mugged by a gypsy   .
[russia] perhaps  shooting in a crowd  law can be used to acquit him   timberlake and miley cyrus  are having troubles with upcoming concert in finland   httptop.rbc.rupolitics03042014915466.shtml  because biggest
[russia] for russia there is no escape strategy  country is degrading into something between iran and north korea , war and western sanctions allow putin to finish this process faster using idiots who believe west is against them .
[russia] if you re really so antirussian already and want to see the fall of my country , nothing i can type will change your mind .
[russia] ussr did nt nuked anyone in cold war , russia is but a shadow of its former self , still somewhat capable , but against france  ukg ermany economic and industrial potential is not even close .
[russia] banks in customs union could barely hold amount of national currency flooding currency exchange  there was a day when central bank in russia sold 1bil usd  ny currency exchange trade  250300mil daily afaik  .
[us] the agreement will not preclude the enforcement of exceptions on the supply of services  justifiable under the relevant wto rules   articles xiv and xivbis gats  .
[us] if america was really about dominating everything , they would just want military access and to keep every country s military as small as possible .
[russia] if georgia should declare war on russia then join nato , its gon na get fucked while nato eats popcorn and writes statements of concern .
[russia] the deep and comprehensive free trade area  dcfta  gives ukraine a free access to the eu s over 500 million consumers and market with a combined economy of 12.9 trillion euros  while russia s customs union has only 170 million consumers and a combined economy of 1.4 trillion euros .
[russia] ukraine is a manufactured state historically , most of its identity is owed to wwiwwii german efforts to split up russiaussr by organising nationalism in ukraine .
[russia] current bank cards will remain but they wo nt work for payments within the country unless visa and mc will agree to build processing facilities in russia  i doubt  .
[russia] the logic goes like this  state owned gazprom or rosneft is increasing prices on gas each year by  15 percent , every other industry is increasing prices as well , nodding on the rising prices in energy .
[russia] but if belarus agrees to that then i really do nt give a fuck as long as they stay on the proper side of the border .
[russia] long , long ago i ve found out that politeness , in general , seems as an attribute of a  newbie  among young russians .
[russia] now ukraine needs to create a stable defense line , then create assault fists behind it  blitzkrieg did nt happen , now ukraine should try to carry out slow positional campaign .
[russia] would it be nice if we all joined our hands and sang kumbaya , sure thing , but human history suggests otherwise , so theres that
[russia] moreover , most likely the buk was operated by regular russian armed forces servicemen with support from russian army from russian territory under direct orders of russian government  putin  .
[russia] link   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiterrorisminrussiacontemporaryrussia   islamic terrorism is considered a major threat to the security of the nation  9  with most terrorist activity taking place in chechnya and dagestan .
[us] for example  great britain  between 1989  when water was privatized  and 1995 , there was a 106 percent increase in water prices in the uk , while prots of the privatizing companies increased by 692 percent .
[us] they can wave isis flags all damned day , but as long as they are not taking part in the organization or commiting any crimes  they are just expressing their beliefs .
[us] of course the muslims may also fight because the russians would no doubt institute policies where nonmuslims and nonhomosexuals absolutely do nt have greater righter than the normal , native people  til gays are not native to sweden .
[russia] because it takes capitalist pigdogs all their meaningless lives to earn money to buy that joy and stuff it in the holes where their souls should be .
[us] to identify your ancestry as  american  might seem harmless when viewed in isolation , but the connotations that come with claiming that ancestry  when the usa is definitely not a nationstate  in the above context are a bit ... political .
[russia] the government was about southeastern ukraine , and they elected yanukovich  democratically , i may add , confirmed by eu observers  hoping for the better integration with russia and giving russian language an official status .
[us] of course  to prevent any kind of discussion of real public health care and the subsequent discovery of  the fta , health care connection   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  .
[us] i m from hawaii so i understand the notion of diluting the local culture , but i never considered tourists annoying and i have never blamed them for anything .
[russia] and it s totally reasonable as well , liberals could nt really give any fresh ideas or plans or even leaders which are worth supporting .
[us] countries like israel , oman , and uae all spend more as a  of gdp on their military , and also all have universal healthcare .
[us] california gives 4.8  , new york gives 7.3  which is nt that far behind catalonia and actually both states are insulted constantly by rightwing politicians .
[us] but it ca nt ,  here is why new affordable public health care is barred   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm   a previous fta  the wto gats , that almost no americans know about
[russia] thats an easy one , if economy overall is doing goodbetter , then more civilized approach for corrupt politicians  like , if not   english ties  , french knowhow and so on .
[us] the conflicts of interest between uk  and us , and eu  legislators and the huge multinational corporations which stand to benefit greatly by free trade agreements  are huge and growing  remember the privatizations in eastern europe , which were all hugely corrupt and the main beneficiaries were organized crime
[us] i had nt crossed the border at any point , but i had to go through a checkpoint with a lot of immigrationcustoms personnel that were pulling cars off the road to inspect them .
[russia] noone was shipped from anywhere , your mental model of how soviet union was looking at that period is very far from the truth .
[russia] never mind the europe got to where it is now by robbing the rest of the world of the wealth of its labor and the resources of its land .
[us] they would be crying that their country is being threatened and russia might cease to exist if they do nt take over a few countries in defense .
[russia] also , i m sorry that americans ca nt read their own language , i just said both russia and putin are going to hell in a handbasket , apparently you did not bother to read into it before rushing to post your butthurt .
[us] edit   an i m not just saying this for myself   although ... i d be lying if that did nt have a large part to play   .
[russia] well , so does the west , but at least in the west there is more nuance , there is a vocal minority who does nt trust their governments and prefers being contrarian for the sake of contrarian  looking at some redditors here too  .
[russia] ukrainians probably can write a book or two about their aspirations and what went wrong , who is to blame and how did this happen , but in the end they tried to sit on both chairs while giving almost nothing in return .
[russia] now only a handful of people dare to walk in the open near the city hall , barricaded by sandbags and fenced off by the rebels .
[russia] mainau is great if you love roses , konstanz is very old and very nice , lindau is recognisably bavarian  the only town on the lake where i saw plaques with fart joke  , you can visit three other countries while you re there .
[us] in fairness though , i have never seen a more universally biased media in the us as it was leading up to the iraq war .
[russia] which would have been all good , if it was nt for that broken promise , which has been the driving force of putin s bitterness .
[us] the real question is , why is the  international community  so eager to force israel to recognize the independence  on terms favorable to the arabs  of a state filled with people who nakedly proclaim their intention to commit genocide on any and all jews remaining in their country
[russia] i do nt think it s bad enough to be asylum seeker , i think many russians just see it as one of ways of immigration to richer and safer europe .
[us] not relevant at all until it invades neighbors while screaming look at me and claiming they are the usa s mortal enemy as a way to claim they are as powerful as usa .
[russia] i took a part in 1991 coup , we were fighting for our freedom but i doubt were it go so bloodless now  time has changed .
[russia] lately i doubt there is anything but reused footage on tv  important news are being delayed for days and it look like editors simply search archives to find appropriate scenes .
[us] using that excuse versus actually wanting to fix the issue is like following gps directions directly into a lake instead of looking at the environment around you and changing course .
[russia] i thought poland  broke away  from russian empire and formed as a country again , only to invade and fight with all of its neighbors following pilsudski vision of  felt the time was right to expand polish borders as far east as feasible , to be followed by a polishled intermarium federation of eastcentral european states as a bulwark against the reemergence of german and russian imperialisms  .
[russia] the biggest country in the world thinking the ussr was a cool idea and time to bring it back do you realise it is people like  this   httpwww.ipnews.in.uawpcontentuploads201211communistsmosc2302101.jpg  and all others are getting payed for  support
[russia] however , now with the grads and sams it is quite possible russia is finally sending them some actual weapons , and the actual russian gov  t , not just a few novorossiyatype extremists .
[us] even worse , nato has struggled to create a  standard  system  sometimes the us ended really throwing the europeans under the bus on that , like the 7.62 nato debacle  and even  standard  equipment , is nt .
[russia] furthermore , the ukrainian constitution also states that such a vote , had it been cast would still need to be reviewed by the constittuional court of ukraine to determine if the procedure had been constitutional .
[us] there are even jobs that i know of personally  us south , engineering field  that will pay off student debt 100  as a signing bonus .
[russia] and third  chechnya was defacto independent after the first war , but as it was never about independence for them , but about slave labour , maraudering , banditism and building an islamic state while they re at it .
[us] first off , the american economic situation is very deep and liquid , the us is in many   many  ways , the absolute  last  economy the world needs to worry about .
[us] a clear sign of this trend is open manifestations of neonazism , which have become common in latvia and other baltic states ,  putin said on the eve of his visit to serbia on october 16 .
[russia] look past a bunch of stupid numbers in the age , when they are being manipulated or affected one way or another almost on a daily basis  you are from europe , you should be aware how unemployment being constantly redefined , how gdpgni being retroactively recalculated and so on  .
[us] the baltic states in particular are in that periphery space i mentioned , which makes them even more susceptible to the russian designs and still part of the  mapping  activities , in this case testing the baltic states relationship with nato .
[russia] the eu and the us are more lamenting the fact that they will no longer hold lone sway over the third world labor that they ve been using to build themselves up on .
[russia] a probable successor will actually be the shaman shoigu  russia s new defense minister  , and soon there will be a lot of interesting events , in particular , before the next special operation to transfer the throne from one thief to another  half of the of weapons are planned to be confiscated from the population .
[us] there s only a few countries on the planet that have the population or resources to even attempt to compete , so most simply do nt .
[russia] and do nt even mention propaganda , when your glorious sbu constantly finds tracespassports of thousands of russian spetsnaz , fsb and what have you , every time turning out to be a total  facepalm .
[russia] russia to lend hungary  13.7 bln for nuclear plant   paralyzed muscovite jailed for 6 years   httpen.ria.rucrime20140114186516450paralyzedmuscovitejailedfor6years.html    russia to tighten  antiterrorism  internet rules   httpen.ria.rurussia20140115186544472russiatotightenantiterrorisminternetrules.html   russia is set to severely limit online payment systems and oblige websites including the likes of google and facebook to store information on users and share it with security services  transferring money abroad using such systems will no longer be possible , while domestic usage will be capped at 15,000 rubles   450  a month  but  1,000 rubels a day  , down from the current 40,000 rubles   1,200  .
[us] i do nt want to see them suing the united states government over subsidies to boeing anymore than i want to see boeing suing the eu over subsidies to airbus .
[us] is nt like a early 19th century belgian farmer was as tightly tied into the international financial markets with modern government services as a modern scottish urbanite .
[russia] ukraine is nt ready for the eu , especially not after yushchenko proved to be an ineffectual leader , despite his noble intentions and seemingly firmer personal integrity .
[russia] these people have no other way than flee abroad , away from russia as well , because forces of kadyrov can reach them even in moscow .
[us] the parents sign this form as a  promise  to the german government to back up their child with money if heshe is in any financial trouble .
[russia] even though he was an idiot , after stalin death he was the next gen. secretary , so its pretty hard to disobey someone like that  at the time  .
[russia] i expect russian gdp to contract this year , inflation on food to skyrocket , taxes to rise , jobs to be lost , full scale economical crisis to be short .
[us] in parallel , we have to make up with it by its masculinity as glorifying violence contributes to death at all levels of society , writes schyman and veronica sword , feminist initiative .
[us] how do they sell us the ttip  tisa  tpp three headed monster with its  corporate entitlements    august 10 , 2013  reid says obamacare just a step toward eventual singlepayer system  las vegas sun news   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing    the potential impact of the world trade organization s general agreement on trade in services on health system reform and regulation in the united states   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf   mid 2009 academic journal article by 27 year old single payer activist and law student nick skala    youtube nicholas skala interview  single payer v.  public option  june 12 , 2009   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvdwbzz070mk   he looks like he is in perfect health , but a few weeks later he was dead  nicholas skala suddenly died of unknown causes on august 8 2009
[russia] most media is blaming the deaths on the incompetent handling of a manpad by separatists , but there are several locations that were hit and footage of the su25 firing into the city .
[russia] however such sharing has not gone forward after congress insisted on 60 days notice before any such communication , and leading lawmakers , including rep. mike turner  rohio  , chairman of a key house armed services subcommittee , indicated they will oppose such sharing .  there are no reasons for russia to treat nato other than possible adversary , and this is because of nato itself .
[us] it is conjectured that any change in the sexual behavior after circumcision may be related to a central nervous system alteration by retrograde axonal degeneration , or to peripheral nervous system damage from loss of the prepuceridged bands and amputation neuroma .
[us] i am present in the country for decades and must say at no point was there ever a case made to the american public for going to war with iran .
[russia] when the eu s boss the us takes a break from assassinating democratically elected leaders and instigating coups around the world , it goes off and starts new conflicts to send soldiers to .
[us] i rarely finish meals as well , and in high school my friends  who were all football linemen  used to make some jokes about that but now they re all trying to lose weight and i m not .
[us] no one wants to kick anyone out , but you should nt have joined if you were nt willing to help out as you said you would .
[us] he was a comedian on snl who did the comedy news reports for a while , and one of his favorite things to say all the time was that germans love david hasselhoff .
[russia] then a video fragment showing how an osce observer is returning to his car from a toilet , tucking his pants , few more videos of osce observers and ua military moving around .
[us] here s an excellent talk of his ,   the honorary patronage of john mearsheimer  the future of the transatlantic alliance   11 dec , 2012    httpswww.youtube.comwatchvbbtjgyi3k  trinity college dublin , speech held before world s oldest debating society ,  325 years old  in becoming an honorary patron of the trinity philosophical society .
[us] on reddit people tell americans what to do all the time , in fact everyone tells everyone else what to do all the time on this site .
[us] at some point the west has held talked with the ira , plo , hamas , and the taliban  all terrorist groups guilty of  often mass  murder .
[us] might as well let the americans blow up a few hilux s ahead of the upcoming november elections and then resume your proxy war with iran later .
[russia] video  httplenta.ruvideo20140123maydan httpwww.youtube.comwatchvcaqslhtfhjw  action begins on  4th min  edit 1   assaulted journalists about what happened to them , text  videos   httptranslate.google.rutranslateslruamptlenampjsnampprevtamphlenampieutf8ampuhttp3a2f2flenta.ru2farticles2f20142f012f232fukraine2f   google translate  edit 2  tonight  2324 .01  in many regions protesters stormed the governor s offices .
[russia] the reason other nations  let  a powerful nation have a buffer zone is because it is more convenient to do that rather than to bear the big stink of a larger nation throwing fits .
[us] in world history we had an age of exploration unit and we focused heavily on magellan , so most people s experiences vary when it comes to these things .
[russia] but it s not like ukraine actually paid for all the gas and it s not like russia has nt already forgiven some debts  for political reasons of course , but still , nobody expects russia to act out of goodwill  .
[russia] 2nd question  what is harder to  waltz through   territory of another state prepared for war with fortifications , trenches , militarily bases , strategically positioned artillery pieces and hundreds of thousands of troops or  occupied territory  with 95   of control by gestapo , ss , wehrmacht bases everywhere , no standing armies to defend , just partisans living in the forest mostly  as it happened in numerous other countries
[us] halfofme would nt even be surprised if this is something russia actually  wanted us to do  though as it would give them  cassus belli  to basically flood into east ukraine and turn the situation into something  ala eastwest germany or northsouth korea .
[russia] plus exchange rate still falling and food prices still grow  and there is nothing to stop this process , government actions only accelerate it , for some people starvation is already real perspective for this year .
[us] maybe people will be asked to wear it on the outside , as many did in the 1980s . .  showing my age here  will people have to queue up for underwear inspections
[us] people will tell themselves  and pollsters  that they do nt want a job , but they could be persuaded to work if wages were higher and jobs were easier to come by  as often happens when the economy is booming  .
[us] that and america would push so fucking hard against such a scenario that the eu would find itself in a political hellhole the likes of which it has never seen before .
[russia] it looks like this government is preparing to become international war criminals and terrorists  note  in russia unofficial recommendations are much more powerful than laws    us government   advised  businessmen to avoid visiting economical summit   httptop.rbc.rueconomics06052014922201.shtml  in saintpetersburg  even pepsico will boycott it despite russia is their second largest market    itartass declared there will be new type of military force  strategic space   httpitartass.compolitika1173355   few hours later ministry of defense said  they have no plans to do that   httpwww.forbes.runews256775vgenshtabeoproverglisoobshcheniyaosozdaniivozdushnokosmicheskikhsil  .
[russia] i m sure you love us , but i m sure your mindset would be different if you got invaded by us , instead of being invaded by russia .
[us] it is a science abuser s dream come true .  on the other hand , when the epa considered the endocrinedisrupting potential of the herbicide atrazine in 2003 , the data quality act was invoked to clarify the experimental methods that were being used to argue that such effects from this agent had been observed in frogs .
[us] if you are nt willing to honor people with personality flaws then your list of people worth honoring will be very , very small .
[russia] being an edgy  20 year redditor old sure have its perks , too bad soviet leadership was nt as smart as you , but then again , they actually fought in wars , saw with their eyes  friends from west  invading their country and how they  negotiate  and  deal  with weaker countries  being empires pursuing their national interest and all that jazz  .
[us] it is precisely because mearsheimer  does nt  believe that europe will suddenly be at each other s throats , that he supports all us troops coming home .
[us] all their , and specifically also your , bitching pivots on it , and every time people start to justify the assumption they re talking bullshit talking points .
[russia] you should be grateful , because black dog wanted to kill your mom and dad , and their mom and dad and a lot of other moms and dads , if black dog would have won , poland , ukraine , baltics , jews  none of them would exist , as simple as that .
[us] there s nothing i love more than watching my state fervently saw off it s own leg to prove a point to liberals  the federal government about not needing their help .
[russia] basically i assumed it being just softhearted from your side   we are living in the 21st century and people are still killing each other by thousands , caz they do nt like  that other guy and what he believes in  .
[russia] this is my personal opinion , obviously , but i always try to look at things in context with prior development , not on a  spherical horse in a vacuum  .
[russia] you have to submit an application to  in moscow  the mayor s office , they can examine it however long they want and reject your application on the day before the protest , suggesting that you hold it in the middle of nowhere instead , so they do nt have to divert traffic and mobilize additional police .
[russia] sevastopol was not a part of ukraine even after crimea was given to ukraine  sevastopol was city of state importance and answered directly to moscow  in 1994 sevastopol made last attempt to remain in russia but failed .
[russia] i have no idea why the west was surprised by putin , he is a very bitter and proud man who is nt very good at accepting the reality of the modern situation .
[russia] it s a mix of both , let s just leave it at that  you got ta be kidding me if you do nt think russians do nt get ethnically stereotyped on this sub .
[us] these results have yet to be replicated , however  there also has yet to be a meaningful interpretation of these results provided in the context of human sexual orientation .
[russia] maybe i m a sleeper agent and my kgb conditioning is leaking through the mental shield  i ll respectfully disagree on the second point .
[russia] but euromaidan had 100 body bags and i have nt heard anything about international investigation of the matter or any names at all , weird is nt it
[russia] maybe , people that shot him sent the other eastukraine officials a message   this will happen to you too if you oppose the separatists  .
[russia] related news  there were  2 assassination attempts to kill ukrainian mayors   httptop.rbc.rupolitics26072014939142.shtml  using military equipment  rpgs in one case  , 1 of the mayors survived .
[russia] edit  disclaimer  header is not official position of kremlin or theme of the list , it s my  editorialized  synopsis of situation as i see it from combination of news , rumors , mood of friends and strangers .
[russia] i am almost certain you will be silently apologizing to le pen , and wishing you could rewind the clock , in a few more decades .
[russia] in the end he makes the following abstruse statement   ukrainian forces are seems to be determined to retake the territory controlled by rebels , but no sign yet that they can unite the nation   dude , maybe you should visit sloviansk or kramatorsk to get such a sign
[russia] i ve seen it over and over again here , how norwegians joked how they would get even more rich if russian gas and oil dependency is reduced .
[us] and the government is dominated by england because england dominates the lower house  there is no upper house with real authority to check that  one that is nt equally representative of all the united kingdom s constituent states and can properly balance out the more populous states ...
[us] i think the big power companies in the us are pretty progressive in their infrastructure investments , but some of the smaller ones are not so much and that hurts our numbers too .
[russia] if hitler did nt attack this monster , the world would be littered with the corpses of innocents , crushed by the evil communist regime .
[russia] its also funny to read about coal deliveries by cargo trucks to russia when a lot of donbass mines are flooded  not even saying anything about the economic viability of such deliveries  or sunflower seeds in fucking november .
[russia] crimea may even get more theoretical freedom under russia even , and better living standards  russia has 3x that of ukraine and ukraine will soon tank even lower , even faster than russia  .
[us] if most of them have jobs , albeit poorly paid ones , they should be able to get housing if enough people are willing to share a 1 bedroom flat .
[us] to this day most western countries idealize the romans and consider themselves the decedents , and sometimes the modern version , of the romans .
[russia] according to  s.g. wheatcroft   httpwww2.warwick.ac.ukfacsoceconomicsstaffacademicharrisonreviewsdavieswheatcroft2004.pdf  ,  number of famine deaths in 19321933 is 5.5 to 6.5 millions  ...  the main cause of the famine was that under the first fiveyear plan the state placed excessive pressure on agricultural resources and the rural population .
[us] even though i ve lived in the us all my life , something i did nt realize until recently is that there are border checkpoints  well within the usmexico border   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiunitedstatesborderpatrolinteriorcheckpoints  .
[us] and the ones that do have accents , it s just about indistinguishable really in relation to americans from northern states , and your not really more polite than us .
[us] for example , i was offended , when the german government responded to the official us government paper on the negative aspects of the german trade surplus as being  incomprehensible  .
[russia] ukrainians did nt buy it , so putin decided to stage a regional conflict in the east , and invaded ukraine under the disguise of an insurgency there were quite significant prorussian protests in eastern ukraine .
[russia] for me it is factually and fundamentally wrong and molotov ribbentrop pakt and soviet union occupation of poland and baltics was years in the making by a shit ton of parties involved , but all of them get close to zero mentioning nowadays .
[russia] i remember reading in some book about how italians live with their folks till they turn 30 and i was like ,  daaamn guys , i thought you have it good  because no communism thing for a century in italy , and you know , you being a developed economy and all that .
[us] america has the largest reserves of expeditionary forces  the most efficient means of power projection in the world , so any russian offensive would result in a immediate american response which would completely fuck up any chance of it being a quick or limited conflict .
[russia] i ll restrict my choice to those buildings i have actually seen with my own eyes , so a lot of worthy candidates are out , like alhambra and that brick church in vilnius .
[russia] in europe s drug problem today , heroin plays a lesser part than it did in the past , and stimulants , synthetic drugs , cannabis and medicinal products are all becoming more important .
[us] unfortunately , the ecb does nt have the authority that the fed does on the issue , and authority is vital for central bank policy to work .
[russia] no matter how much media ignores it , there is a legitimate case to be made against the legitimacy of the ukranian government , especially from the point of view of the separatist provinces , and especially as time goes further along .
[russia] the possibility of a prorussian candidate victory is minimal , so ukraine will get someone like yatsenyukklichko  with a probability of timoshenko giving support to one of them    antirussian president   no deal , no better gas prices , increased economic pressure , no restructuring of loans and so on .
[us] because , should you refrain from saying those things you believe to be true because you know some people wo nt like to hear it
[russia] russia  , not much happened actually  end of  non politicized  olympics  1st place by amount of gold medals  , protests  pussy riot was  attacked   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvivtiyxtdy  by governmentsponsored militants in sochi  ukrainians call them  titushki  , in russia they are  cossacks  ,  nashi  , etc.
[us] the infected ukrainians , with evil gay fascist junta powers obtained from polish apples , then provoked the poor innocent russian tanks to cross the border .
[russia] well , these guys fit to my image of  terrorist  pretty closely  httpswww.youtube.comwatchfeatureplayerembeddedampv4bus2fxayhg and sbu claims that they took 60 persons as hostages  have no idea , if it s true or not .
[us] the european countries are coasting on a lot of cold war  fat  when it comes to war material , ranging from mbts to missiles , but most of it is now timeexpired .
[us] thats a very simplistic and one sided view of these ftas that ignores the fact that what s good for the corporations with all the lobbyists in washington and europe  and the money to do extensive pr in the media and on blogs  often is nt what s best for the country or world as a whole .
[russia] both pieces of propaganda was picked up by the western msm and reported in the same manner as the ukrainians reported it , without questioning .
[us] they were forced by circumstances after world war ii and the wake of the destruction of europe along with the looming cold war with the soviet union to work together .
[russia] about the media  western media also generally does nt call for revolutions every other day because they do nt agree with something government does .
[russia] no doubt there , not a single sign of uncertainty , just that firm look and the firm believe that i m the brainwashed here .
[us] in the us all medium and large merchants take credit cards , and they are prohibited from charging different prices for cash or credit cards .
[us] and whether people like it or not , i do nt remember this situation being nearly as fucked as it is now when it was simply a bunch of islamist extremists on the ground with their rival bands of ragtag musketeers shooting at each other instead of the huge theocratic megastate we re faced with now .
[us] if article v ever sees some chinks in its armour , you should believe that  very fast  other nations will start to see how they can take advantage .
[us] semicompetent teachers and doctors were removed due to paul bremer s debaathificiation program  as with china , you had to belong to the party fo get almost any government job  and replaced by incompetent shia cronies .
[us] she s steadfastly convinced that i m wrong , so if one of you guys would nt mind steering her straight , i d really appreciate it .
[us] they are weak , a shell of their former self desperatly clawing at the sovet union s former glory while being encroached on two sides by rising super powers   to the east china  to the west the european union   .
[russia] i d say that russians with proputin views are the least helpful putin s view on ukrainian situation is that any violence and military action must be stopped immediately .
[russia] i wo nt accuse her in anything , but in my opinion her statements were often cheesy or pretty radical for representative of liberal movement .
[us] this just made it happen sooner since it allowed china to leverage deals very much in it s favor  distracted russia by forcing it to put all it s focus on the west .
[russia] it did nt work for ukraine because us and eu allowed  miniussr  to invade neighbor countries  georgia and moldova  multiple times during 20  years till government of rufed became absolutely sure they have cartblanch to do anything on exussr territory  and probably beyond it too  .
[russia] however if today i ll meet a woman with name malka or malusha i do nt need historical documents to assume she is jewish  until proven otherwise  .
[russia] those rebels are bloodthirsty beasts hungry for a kill , they will shoot anything down to get a juicy kill on what they think is the ukrainian airforce , especially if the airspace was already supposedly closed to civilian flights and the plane was nt supposed to have flew over that area .
[us] it s called looking at an issue objectively without thinking its a video game and the team with the most kills is the winner or loser .
[us] during a tense meeting that began at noon and continued past nine in the evening , mas claimed the support of ciu , erc , and cup initiative to organize this alternative process .
[us] the wise thing would be to leave that energy in the ground as a hedge against possible future needs , the possible occurrences which i just enumerated .
[russia] no honest businessman can feel safe from mafia thugs  you re at least expected to pay for  protection  , and if mafia boss decides that your business should  change ownership  , well ... tough luck .
[us] as a home stadium you re expected to create as much noise as possible to make it difficult for opposing offenses to communicate their playcalls and audibles on the field .
[us] it is nt very well known as a tourist destination as other spots , but the views are gorgeous and they ve done a great job reconstructing the site .
[russia] kinda like you go around this thread claiming   well they do nt use neonazi symbols anymore , and always claimed that these symbols are nt neonazi .
[russia] a few people protesting in the capital does not a revolt make , especially when the protestors are paid to be there by foreign governments .
[us] there is pressure in brussels to hammer out the ttip details next year , before america becomes preoccupied with campaigning for the 2016 us presidential election .
[us] meltdown  s  from a future large solar storm  technically  a  coronal mass ejection  or cme  causing massive multiple simultaneous failures of global energy grids ,  itself a huge and littleappreciated problem  the worstcase scenario is one which has been proposed in a number of petitions by a new hampshire  us  ngo ,  resilient societies  to the us nrc .
[russia] when i was working on stateowned tv in the 90s , i ve heard interesting rumors about him , if you know what i mean .
[us] free education , housing , and other social services have been provided to the very impoverished and underprivileged in the us for many decades  not to the same cushy extent that it is in much of europe , but it s there nonetheless .
[russia] men who took a part in assault happened to be members of the local armenian diaspora , whilst a victim allegedly was of russian ethnicity .
[russia] also , here is a link to a thread on  rrussia you might find interesting , and should better explain our attitude towards you .
[us] no , the difference is that the politicians in westminster felt no existential threat , even from the most ardent supporters of irish nationalism .
[us] best ones are the   nonus   threads , where somebody says something stupid , they automatically assume it s a american , and then when they find out it s not a american the whole comment section is still about how stupid americans are .
[russia] i am against the tank standing in the ogorod of my friend s dacha with a swastika and  deutschland uber alles  spray painted on it  funny situation , they are scared that the prorussians will find out and will bomb the tank to shit along with the dacha  .
[russia] the intention of the law was to make the oligarchs to pay the difference between the factual and fair prices of privatization , and to put an end to questions about legality of their assets .
[us] russia wo nt be happy until ukraine is permanently stuck in poverty and reports directly to him which is what life was like until the puppet president left the country after the people finally snapped .
[us] okay , i ll give you that  if your opponent wants to die in a nuclear holocaust then sure , a preemptive strike is on the table .
[us] i also do nt think it is right to associate isis with islam when you have governments of the same religion actively attacking them .
[russia] russians are the  niggers of europe  in terms of how western europeans perceive different ethnicities , but the racism against turks is actual racism , as opposed to the dislike of russians .
[russia] the reality of the situation  now  on the ground in the  real world  is that the government in kiev which was placed into power via an armed uprising is trying to disenfranchise a significant portion of the population it seized power over and disenfranchised from voicing its will .
[us] but , if you get good marks , in most other developed countries , you will get a level of assistance with your education that you would rarely , if ever get in the us .
[russia] as a side note i am actually quite interested in ukraine success story , since i consider them as a somewhat more poor brother , so if they can do it , so can we .
[us] yes , nothing at all to worry  about from history on this matter   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipopulationtransferinthesovietunion  , except the hundreds of thousands murdered through ethnic cleansing and following revolts .
[us] a government could nationalize entire industries and liquidate all the assets so it could fill the gaps in its budget and it would be met with resounding applause here .
[us] the us is in many ways very different from what you ve described above  tons of very different cultures , 310 million people , lots of immigrants , expensive education , medium to low trust levels in business , etc.
[us] i can give countless examples over in the usa of police that should never ever touch a gun and yet they have one almost constantly .
[us] i do nt understand that either , netherlands was one of the countries i ve been wanting to visit , and i enjoyed it when i went too .
[us] usually that they belong in some nonus or very lightly read group , like my attempts to post about the achmea v. slovak republic isds health care case . . they wanted me to post it in  rslovakia  if you are successful in posting your  prottip stuff  without making it look unimportant in the title , you win .
[russia] some criminal news    a person was arrested for  burning a witch    httplenta.runews20140307vedma   he blamed old woman for death of his 2 wives and brutally killed her    suv driver killed 5 pedestrians and injured 10  or 8    httpriavrn.runewsvvoronezhevoditelinomarkisbil15chelovekpyateropogibli   afaik it s record for nontruck vehicle in russia   couple guys from chechnya got  2 years sentence   httplenta.runews20140303kreml  for  hooliganism   i.e.
[us] usa was nt pretending some random special forces soldiers were actually afghan soldiers fighting as a rebellion or just mercenaries on vacation with a complete american loadout of weapons and logistics supplied direct from usa .
[us] german publishing house axel springer , rupert murdoch s news corporation and microsoft have also complained about google s market dominance in recent weeks .
[russia] all i m saying is if russian officials  putin oligarchs  decide to restrict trade with ukraine to put them under pressure , they can do so and in that case europe would need to step up its game  support ukrainian products  .
[us] most older males are circumcised and think that it is positive , and therefore they think that their sons should also be like that .
[russia] meanwhile you re defending upa while i spent 90  of my post badmouthing stalin and 10  qualifier so that my post was nt so onesided .
[us] these papers , are about  american grand strategy  , and contain all of the basic information one needs  along with if you want to follow up on some footnotes and sources given in these articles  to begin to make sense of american foreign policy .
[us] maybe , next year , in total  according to your worldview  we ll have ten or twenty million people with their heads cut off all around the world at various hot spots
[us] it s not even about getting permission from the spanish government , but about changing the spanish constitution , which the catalans helped write .
[us] you fail to realize that poles do nt operate under the auspices of a singular traditionalistconservative demigod  and for you to make crass assertions along the lines of  oh , you re a liberal pole
[us] in the past  15  years the uk has been cutting , and cutting defense spending despite taking part in two major wars and dealing with a country that wants to do a doover on the cold war .
[russia] this is the same government that claims it kills 500 terrorists every day , and that it took the saurmogila heights and kept them  before their soldiers had even begun their attack  .
[russia] when you have half a million rioters and people are throwing molotovs at thousands of cops in riot gear , it is a goddam revolt .
[us] however   in the case of intervening in only western ukraine to deter russia     if we were to intervene in ukraine , our best bet would be to stop at the border of east ukraine .
[russia] no one in their right state of mind would cheer or express relief by the fact , that a passenger flight was just being shot down .
[us] the uk  and others  had trouble finding munitions for libya less than  three weeks in   httpwww.washingtonpost.comworldnatorunsshortonsomemunitionsinlibya20110415af3o7eldstory.html  and that was against a thirdrate disintegrating country whose air defense network had been flattened by the us .
[us] actually , canada s health care system , which predated nafta , gats , and ceta  is under attack , as i am sure you must realize . .  however , thanks to the ngo that wrote the linked documents  they have been fighting more effectively than other countries like the usa that have much less in the way of clearly written , well presented position papers spelling oyt the core issues . . which i link to some of here . .  very important  if a system  predates the ftas and is completely noncommercial meaning no privatization has already occurred   httpwww.policyalternatives.casitesdefaultfilesuploadspublicationsnationalofficepubsputtinghealthfirst.pdf  , it is in far better shape to withstand the fta attacks . .  make no mistake , canada s health care is under attack .
[russia] yes , any oligarch is widely hated in russia as it s  believed  impossible without employing corruption to became a billioner in totally corrupt state like russia or ukraine .
[russia] your numbers are way too low , number of all state workers is  about 33mln people   httpwww.kp.rudaily26032.42948855   link in russian  if you count all state owned enterprises .
[russia] in particular , it would be interesting to see whether yanukovych s hamfisted idiocy has cost him support , or whether this was outweighed by formerly apathetic eastern ukrainians coming back to him because of the growing visibility of the banderites .
[russia] there is nothing directly antisemitic in the program of  svoboda  , nothing directly xenophobic either , although there are indirect xenophobic elements in this program .
[us] the district court ruled that the graffiti was an expression against the conflict between israel and palestine , and not a case of racial agitation .
[russia] from the soviet perspective it s trying to buy some time before the inevitable war , after czechoslovakia  allies  ukf rance surrendered it to hitler for a  piece in our life time  and refused to make any alliance with ussr in  munich conference   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikimunichagreement  .
[us] by next year , the obama administration may actually withdraw diplomatic cover for israel at the united nations  , but even before that , both sides are expecting a showdown over iran , should an agreement be reached about the future of its nuclear program .
[us] becoming a full member and receiving access to the biggest market in the world with free trade will be a huge boom for serbia .
[russia] at the very least you d learn to hate them for what they really are , instead of as the caricature and boogeyman your media has built them up as .
[us] amazon is a multinational corporation that employees thousands of your fellow europeans , including european legal and management experts who are there solely to advise on labor relations .
[us] lastly , if you think that 99  of high school graduates do nt understand trigonometry , then yes , you should have studied statistics more .
[russia] russian vocabulary is huge though , so while it encompasses most of common slavic vocab , it also has a lot of its own that s not common for other slavs maybe
[russia] the issue of the removal of the president of ukraine from the office in compliance with a procedure of impeachment shall be initiated by the majority of the constitutional membership of the verkhovna rada of ukraine .
[us] birth rates have already started to decline in the really shitty countries , and with some work we can stop a population explosion in the countries that ca nt afford to have that explosion .
[us] there s no time to waste , because they are pushing these ftas based on intentionally wildly wrong assumptions about the future job market .
[us] tbh one of the best things about the f35 is the helmet and ui with it , the pilots flying are ordered to completely destroy them if they crash and cant bring it .
[russia] for moscow i would have to say it s saint basil s cathedral httpen.m.wikipedia.orgwikisaintbasilscathedral for europe outside of russia , it s a tie between the colosseum  httpen.m.wikipedia.orgwikicolosseum  and the eiffel tower  httpen.m.wikipedia.orgwikieiffeltower  for me .
[us] i consider myself a leftleaning american on nearly all issues  except gun rights , nuclear power and gmos  but it s silly to not acknowledge success in the private sector as any less impressive or meaningful as success in the public sector .
[russia] ru     httpsnavalny.comp3856   russia has been accused by lithuania of violating international maritime laws after seizing a lithuanian fishing boat with a crew of 30 .
[russia] apparently there is already shortage of products for people with lactose or glutene intolerance , also there wo nt be someone s favorite products , many products will became much expensive and a lot of products of questionable quality from third world will appear .
[us] at the center of contention is the calculator  an online spreadsheet to certify whether plans meet the affordable care act s toughest standard for large employers , the  minimum value  test for adequate benefits  hancock , 926  .
[russia] i enjoy opportunity to disagree with with this government in the interwebs  while i still have access to this functionality instead of  great russian firewall  or jail cell like those who dare to express their disagreement outside of their houses .
[russia] kremlin is trying to erase memories of gulag , political repressions and other outcomes of personality cult as  the biggest museum of political repressions in russia is facing closure   httpwww.rferl.orgcontentrussianactivistsrallyaroundembattledmuseumsovietvrepression25438139.html  .
[us] does nt mean the company gives a fuck about their workers or investing in the community , that there are nt serious environmental impacts and that coal is going to run out whether people want it to or not .
[russia] they do nt have sewerage in the village , so you make your own plumbing system and most people make showerbathwater sink , but the toilet outdoors because i guess we do nt use septic tanks in russia .
[us] amazing that usa can napalm an entire country and drop nukes on another and they still have almost all of east asia as close allies compared to china .
[us] httpwww.texascooppower.comcontentslideshow1111bbqsmittysss.jpg  also , i really love the various styles of  mexican food   httpwww.cookingculinaryartsschools.orgwpcontentuploads201211foodmexicancuisinets.jpg  to be found in the southwestern us , from texas to california .
[russia] but thanks for taking a joke for its face value , obviously only patricians are allowed to makehave fun of others , plebs should know their place .
[us] it was the serbs who signed secret pacts with the greeks directly aimed at bulgaria , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue .
[us] as for visas , i m actually pretty lucky because i can become an italian citizen  and by extension , an eu citizen  through my ancestry ... but right now italy does nt seem to be a very good place to try to set down roots .
[russia] frankly i do nt see any points in this investment others than stealing billions by mr. putin  co  most likely rufed will fall apart before this investment will be returned in any form .
[us] there was a resident vatican priest who was one of the most prominent astronomers there  although admittedly , these are more exceptional cases then the  god did it  variety
[russia] although i ve used  russian country  intentionally  some of the regions differ so much they could be different countries as well  example  chechnya is demanding legitimization of polygamy  .
[russia] also putin need successful war to distract population from recession in economy  perhaps if he will assimilate crimea and eastern ukraine   maybe georgia too  he will be remembered as great leader instead of corrupted tyrant .
[russia] this is unacceptable for kremlin , especially  on domestic market  , successful democratic ukraine is a deadly disease for oligarchs and their friends , thus you must be destroyed .
[us] i know they said they re going to be using both , that does nt mean they will have enough f35bs  the stovl version that will be used on the carriers  for use over the lifetime of the vessels .
[us] the coverage situation is nt any better and more socialist than in any of the blue states which happen to be redder on op map .
[russia] ukraine is also fairly bad , but lately russia has been a lot worse because now the gov  t is turning up the homophobia whereas ukraine has bigger issues to deal with .
[russia] of course , swastika is an extremely old symbol used everywhere , because it s an extremely simple symbol , but it does nt change the fact that rne uses it as slightly modified nazi s symbol .
[us] if it does i hope america teams up with china or something , i do nt like the idea of a country being more powerful than the u.s.  am american
[russia] whenever i tuned in into maidan streams from espresso and such , i constantly heard about  russian spetsnaz , chechen omon , hand of moscow  and so on  maybe i was that unlucky , i do nt know  .
[russia] there are a lot of things you can do , to enter the country illegally if you really put your mind to it , but the fact that they do nothing indicates that something else here is at play  perhaps  .
[us] i guess what i m getting at is that all those yellow  vull ...  banners are really leaving me the impression that catalans are viewing independence as the promised land and that it ll automatically be everything that spainmadrid is nt .
[russia] the instability and the really shitty governance of ukraine actually came out to be for the political good of ukraine as ukraine has not fallen into an authoritarian quicksand .
[us] the reason the european members of nato can be so relaxed about outside threats is that they know that the french and english speakers will come running , while fighting to the last pole in the mean time .
[russia] it s happened in russia with russians , none of participants were actually irish or scots afaik  we  care  about gays , it help us to distract ourselves from actual problems .
[russia] quality  of information is awful lately  even staterun agencies do nt know anything about state s plans   exhead of country s anticorruption police committee is  arrested for corruption   httptop.rbc.rusociety08052014922662.shtml  .
[us] they had to suffer the indignity of getting free money and less than 100  support for invading some worthless lesser country that refused to bow to their masters .
[us] you can tell someone their opinion is wrong in your opinion , and not based upon the facts , but you ca nt make blanket statements like  americans ca nt comment on germany .
[us] most cc courses are nt  universities will typically award credit to a subset of community college courses from some community colleges , others can not issue transferable credit .
[russia] in uruguay them seem to have pretty good progress with linux deployment  httpgs.statcounter.comdesktoposuymonthly201202201402 in russia actually it was nt that bad when they started migration to linux in schools , sadly when putin replaced medvedev , he scrapped the program .
[russia] just do nt judge russia s actions by some sort of humanism , love for all  da people  or  high morals   none of those exist in politics anyway  .
[us] a piece of land in croatia that s technically serbia , but because neither serbia nor croatia claim it as their own , it s technically no mans land .
[russia] i believe the word choice of an average redditor between  the russian government is responsible for what is happening  and  dirty rooskie savages did it  depends more on the politeness than understanding the distance from a random guy up to the top officials .
[russia] stalin s ideology died with him  even as putin occasionally supports the worship of stalin , putin is very different from stalin in almost all regards except the  likes autocracy  part .
[russia] lastly , yanukovich should not live in russia , especially in a reportedly 52 mln  mansion , dump him to belarus or some stan , he is a useless burden which most certainly would damage future russiaukraine relationship .
[russia] even successful people now  flee from this country   httptop.rbc.rupolitics04072014934549.shtml   article in russian  while eu is trying to minimize its losses  sanctions instead of preventing development of fascist state with thermonuclear weapons .
[us] finally , there has been little attention paid to the costs to regions , governments and societies as a result of such a comprehensive deal , and the dangers of putting competitiveness ahead of all other concerns .
[russia] i m not sure if it s about nato members  yet   it may be preparation for invasions into ukraine , kazakhstan , belarus , moldova .
[us] under the auspices of the emp commission and the federal emergency management agency  fema  , and reviewed in depth by the oak ridge national laboratory and the national academy of sciences , metatech corporation undertook extensive modeling and analysis of the potential effects of extreme geomagnetic storms on the us electrical power grid .
[us] you should nt vote on something that has zero affect on you while living abroad against the wishes of the citizens inside the country .
[us] grants based on income   pell grants are the classic example   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipellgrant    tax credits for your parents  you get reimbursed a few thousand per student up to a limit if they are enrolled fulltime , and if you are independent you get an additional credit   special tuition forgiveness for serving in the armed forces or americorps or certain federal agencies .
[russia] there are also rumours of  magnolia  , a cheaplooking cafe that has the best georgian food outside georgia , but i ve never been there .
[russia] he spent 10 months in prison for armed robbery  he stole not just money , but also wwii military decorations with intention to sell  , then police looked for him for smuggling and unregistered weapons , then controlled several encashment companies , then criminal case for laundering of 2 billion rub , at this point he decided to move to politics , to the united russia .
[russia] but then there were efforts to preserve and develop local culture awareness  it was sometimes even a food for jokes when the government promoted writers who were  good  only because they used their local language .
[russia] but as long as the west has its buffer zones and its illegal invasions and its hunger for bases right near russia , so will putin continue its shit .
[us] add in the fact that doctors are now back to recommending it to prevent utis and reduce the chance of spreading stds and you ll see that it s not clearcut either way .
[us] who knows what will happen if america has to fight something like that while simultaneously dealing with the same type of war in south china sea .
[us] my view of free speech is particularly american and because of this i believe that a person s views should not be abridged by the government regrdless of percieved merit .
[russia] i will say it again , to clarify wtf i was talking about earlier  soviet union is being accused here of essentially being in collusion with nazi germany to start ww2 , it is being  equally  as blamed as nazi s , with  zero  mention of events  and nations  that led to mrp and its secret protocols .
[us] go ahead , i m fucking dying to know how russia invading countries over eu trade deals somehow involves usa and how eu has nothing to do with anything .
[us] prosperity is win win . . wars and epidemics are big black hole that sets the world back decades or in some cases , centuries or even longer .
[russia] any overly visible military involvement would diminish the credibility of russia s narrative  of aggressive banderists  , and besides provide a point around which ukrainians could rally around as opposed to being distracted by factional infighting and economic collapse .
[us] and spent 100  of your time in tourist areas , you are going to run into a language barrier anyway if you do nt try to speak the local language .
[us] the saudis have actually  hinted the opposite   httpwww.reuters.comarticle20141013usoilsaudipolicyiduskcn0i201y20141013   with them indicating that they d comfortable with much lower oil prices   below  90abarrel , if not near  80abarrel   for at least a year or two .
[russia] i m sure they re not nazi in your eyes but something like  nationalist  or , i do nt know ,  patriots  or  protectors of freedom  , do nt particularly care .
[us] if you re going to use the wrong word it s best that the word you use have something to do with breasts haha .
[us] the meaning of the references to gats in the  mandate   which is anything but  a  mandate  , because nobody realizes this  is to convey the intent of these ftas to judges is that they are an irreversible  one way street  with no exits , to privatization .
[us] even before they hand off the ball , they re constantly reading each other s placement and estimating what the other side will do .
[us] it is especially pathetic when you have people that despise anything to do with the usa no matter who they have to hero worship to accomplish that .
[us] but , all other things being equal , when they give lab animals these chemicals , they  and often their offspring  get fatter in a doseresponse relationship .
[russia] no , it was not deliberately targeted at ukrainians  actually , soviet government tried to contain it and sent many tons of grain and food as a help to starving region .
[russia] classic ukrainian excuse   our country  ukraine  and people are perfect , the reason x is fucked up is because it s external factor y s fault  .
[russia] tbh , the rest of the sanctions are pretty laughable to our general public , so in theory , albania s contribution to the cause is just as valuable as any other contry s .
[us] that s essentially saying that you should vote against your own interests , and hope that allows the party to catch on in the long term .
[us] here s evidence from   rintactivistswiki  timeline    rintactivistswiki  index wiki  medicalizedforeskindestruction     circumcision  does not necessitate handling of the penis by the child himself and therefore does not focus the male s attention on his own genitals .
[russia] you have secret protocols in which you are  guaranteed a right   or whatever the language of that document was  to have baltics , poland and others to be in your  sphere of influence  , effectively moving your border several hundreds kilometers west and giving an opportunity to prepare to defend this area by the  scienceart of war  .
[russia] the full text   given that the president of ukraine viktor yanukovych withdrew from performing the constitutional powers , which threatens the controllability of the state , territorial integrity and sovereignty of ukraine , massive violation of human rights and freedoms of citizens , based on the circumstances of extreme urgency , the verkhovna rada of ukraine , expressing the sovereign will of the ukrainian people decides  to establish that ukrainian president viktor yanukovych withdrew from performing the constitutional powers , and acts as such who does not fulfill his duties .
[russia] from the moment the imf set foot in the east and the west declared a victory , robbed russia of massive capital , installed and colluded with oligarchs and corrupt leaders of every kind imaginable , and tried to force its monolithic neoliberal religion down that nations throat , it was known that western friendship just means subservience to the west .
[us] you do nt get the day off from school or work for good friday , so i would nt include it on this list .
[russia] on the side note , it is very funny how the west is completely ok with ukraine slowly consuming historically and culturally russian territory for the last twenty years , but not ok with it returning under russian control .
[russia] as result of such history opinions differs greatly  up to  hitler was our savior  ,  we d all drive mercedes cars by now if stalin had lost the war  .
[us] for the sake of irish whiskey , the eu even declared a few years ago that one of its goals was to have an aircraft carrier in the name of the eu .
[us] i think their main concern is that a person of another race wo nt follow their strict interpretation of islam  not that their neighbor is whiteasianblack .
[russia] you have to read economy of lng  httpcrustgroup.livejournal.com24200.html i m no doubt you can speak in russian  i export pretty much to litva , to guarantee , you can read it .
[us] ratchet , standstill and rollback  its important to remember that automation and it will save so much labor over the next two decades that huge job shifts everywhere will be completely unavoidable .
[us] you also have solutions like google wallet , apple pay  coming soon  and coin  a smart credit card  that are also legal and used fairly widely .
[russia] i love how this sub goes between the extremes of  omg russia big bad baddy sogladnatoprotectsme  to  hahaha , russia so weak it can not do shit toplel  .
[russia] lenin mausoleum  500  glorious leaders  birth rate in the world  2 golds , food , production per turn per square  negative population growth rate for 100 years  80  happiness  inability to adopt free trade  capitalism , liberalism , free speech , democracy civics  1 free rocket scientist in each city  double speed of production of military units  50  more food production with serfdom .
[us] kuwait , saudi arabia , and the uae all have high per capita gdps , but no one would seriously consider them  developed  countries .
[russia] according to the laws of ussr  that still existed during that time  an ssr can exit ussr if people decide so ,  but  if there are autonomous republics or regions in that ssr then separate referendum must be done for those republics or regions .
[us] source  httpwww.thebrokeronline.eublogsemploymentttipdontmentionthejoblosses    even under a less ambitious scenario , the cepr study predicts that ttip will lead to the direct loss of over 680,000 jobs in the eu and a further 325,000 in the us .
[us] the only fucking way we were getting a singlepayer system was if the president was replaced by a dictator who   undermined democracy   for the greater good ,   hold on for a second , you as i m sure you know , have it  bass ackwards  . .  what would be the whole point of isds if decisions could be reversed
[russia] unfortunately it s hard to avoid tv completely since my relatives watch it so i can tell you that any prime time show now is interrupted several times to tell urgent news in special voice which is typically used to dub classified experts to not reveal their real voice , and they tell mostly about ukrainian events , numbers of deaths and what bombs ukraine shot where .
[russia] the barbarian murder of 114 thousands of mostly civilian people  maybe it was able to scare americans themselves , but not japanese military elites .
[us] on the walk home  saved me a few times that they re open until late on sunday , too , while everything else in germany is closed .
[russia] most of the russian folks are  zombified  by a gov  t propaganda and see ukrainians as nazis killing russians who are unlucky enough to live in ukraine just for speaking in russian  which is a plain lie obviously  .
[us] for now , putin s russia will continue to fester , isolated , with waning geopolitical significance , a stagnating economy , an uncertain future , and suffer from delusions of grandeur and revel in the nostalgia of its glory days , long since passed .
[us] in 2000 , the fda submitted a paper on its national food safety system to the organisation for economic cooperation and development , complete with an annex illustrating the role that precaution plays in the system .
[us] interestingly , european countries do not even fall that far behind the us in terms of bureaucracy , so take that as you will .
[russia] demonstration was possible in moscow  this time  , but the same day in other cities ,  for example in novosibirsk where the rally was too allowed by local officials and nobody violated law , people were beaten by proputin thugs and arrested by police .
[russia] this does nt look like europe at all and actions of people in this state indicate they still treat population like a property or cattle which does not have free will .
[russia] granted , russian s legal system is not so bad as it may seem but it fails when it comes to reality because of total corruption , tons of small amendments , direct orders from the top etc.
[russia] we actually can kind a speculate because ussr shares a somewhat similar fate with another country who suffered during ww2 just as much , which is china .
[russia] if i was a conspiracy theorist i d say it s being done on purpose to weaken population of russia  to prevent or postpone possible revolution .
[us] i really wish that this article had a little more substance though , because there are a lot of areas that could have led to good discussion .
[russia] a real stop , not truces to regroup armies , rearm , heal wounded and go back guns blazing  will ukrainians accept loss of southeast
[us] the invasion of iraq blew the lid off the whole thing because not only did it create a power vacuum , it radicalized much of the population .
[us] this employs people who have been out of a job , increases their ability to spend , and then therefore helps the business sentiment improve because they see people are richer .
[us] you can spread awareness and that will help change attitudes , but saying that it s barbaric mutilation or child abuse just polarizes the discussion and prevents cooler heads from prevailing .
[russia] i m surprised they re limiting themselves in the scale of aid , so far it s been rather hard to prove any weapons were coming in from russia in quantity as the rebels were making do with the millions of weapons they got from various caches , like that salt mine near donetsk .
[us] when you have a institutional assumption that someone else is going to fight for you , you do nt get a impressive military no matter how much money you spend on it .
[us] the rest of your stuff is kind of over the top , though , such as  being bankrupted if you happen to need medical care .
[us] the qes are smaller , are nt nuclear powered , do nt have  catobar   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikicatobar  which significantly limits what can be deployed on them .
[us] i am glad to see that serbia is moving in the right direction , despite reactionaries trying to drag them back into the 90s  style ignorance .
[russia] i am ukrainian on my mother s side  ukrainian jewish since my grandmother on my mother s side was jewish  and yet you do nt see me blaming modernday russia or modernday germany for the holodomor or the holocaust .
[russia] no problem , it s ok  i did nt mean you ve offended me , i just pointed out i still think the fall of ussr was worth it despite deaths of my grandfather and grandgrandmother and loss of real estate .
[russia] what is  strange and coincidental  about said random guy posting information reported by locals who saw a big plane going down and then removing incorrect post
[us] if the usa treated sections of the country the way eu treats areas in trouble there would be areas of the usa on their way to resembling a third world country .
[russia] position of russia on any stage does nt matter when it cost you additional  150300 every month  besides hidden 35  personal income tax which is paid by companies based on salaries , 13  additional  obvious  income tax , vat , relatively high customs fees , etc  .
[us] then , if you look at the medical literature  authored by antiforeskin activists  , you ll see that the prosurgeryantiforeskin movement has never considered excessive destruction of the skin of the penis to be a drawback .
[russia] or at least this development of situation should be the target for those who do nt want to see giant aggressive state with thermonuclear weapons and  5000 tanks right at the eu border .
[us] you have to understand that here in the us , the auto industry never recovered from nafta , and so they are probably desperate .
[russia] he declined to do his part of agreement  according to it he had to sign the law returning the consitution of 2004 in 48 hours .
[us] the idea that china  or really anyone else  is going to side with russia over the west is a little silly , seeing how deeply tied the chinese economy is to the american one .
[us] if the uk had gone with aegis they would have had a mature system , been able to benefit from whatever updates the usn and jmsdf  since they invest in it  come up with , operate with several allied navies easier , and have a large logistics chain .
[russia] mein kampf  was written 15 years before that and it was quite clearly stating what his plans were for ussr , it was nt a secret .
[us] that s going the extra mile , because you can be sure that i ve visited that place often after that since they have shown that they are serious about providing great service .
[us] it shows that even the countries which fought horrible wars with america are willing to work with america if it means deterring chinese influence , which only goes to increase american influence in the region .
[us] the parties should agree to grant treatment  no less favourable  for the establishment in their territory of companies , subsidiaries or branches of the other party than that accorded to their own companies , subsidiaries or branches , taking due account of the sensitive nature of certain specific sectors .
[russia] and i m sorry but for all practical purposes it s very hard not to mix neonazis with nationalists if both want more dead russians .
[us] true , but you have to jump through a series of hoops to get a tourist visa into best korea in the first place , and after that they want you to spend your money and leave as soon as possible .
[russia] learning from the bush playbook  but who am i kidding , plato himself spoke of  tyrants  back then it was a neutral word  who stir up foreign wars so that the demos  people  may be in need of a leader
[russia] let this be known as the thread wherein castleborkenstein relieved nazi germany of guilt and autonomy for its actions in wwii , because it s politically convenient to attack russia today .
[us] deflation would be the stuff of nightmares for european economies    httpwww.theguardian.comcommentisfree2014sep07deflationsecularstagnationeuropeeconomicnightmare   the world has been haunted by the fear of deflation since the 30s .
[russia] i believe you misunderstood situation  gazprom has stopped delivery of gaz in may and it turned out company is not profitable without ukraine as a client .
[russia] there is a video  recorded that day at 1200   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvk5jhx1a4t98  how grad positioned near to avdiivka shell in the direction of kuybushevskyy district  locals  immediately identified   httpsimgur.comac604bl  that donetsk was shelled from avdiivka direction  before the video was even published  , and even pointed to yakovlevka  the direction of shelling from the north is confirmed by the shells  see e.g.
[us] va , healthcare , ssa , are all  largely  mandated , and failures to pass laws for them are associated with changing the mandate .
[russia] it was modified  partially to support myth how west has won cold war  instead of ussr s management decided to privatize natural resources   but right now those modifications are being reverted because government s goals were achieved .
[us] before and especially after this debate , he was religiously mocked for being young and inexperienced , and for saying  incredibly idiotic statements   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvayjvfd5wrhe  .
[us] i m using it as a comparison that the amount of transfers that actually happen are minimal relative to the size of the economy .
[us] the good news is that those sentiments are more popular with older individuals , who grew up in a time when  pulling yourself up by your bootstraps  was not only lauded  it was still possible .
[russia] even though many people in southern russia consider themselves  ethnic cossacks  it does nt matter anything  because the same people identify themselves as russians , ukrainians , poles .
[us] but the senate is much more powerful than the uk s house of lords , and if the senate opposes a bill   or amends it   it ll go straight back to the house of representatives , instead of just being delayed before it reaches the president .
[us] i am talking about mature eu monetary system , which seems to have a trouble locating funds for  blank , blank ...   downvoting does nt change hard facts
[us] so no sweetheart deals for us on rx drugs , or public health care just because a hundred thousand people are dying a year because they cant afford it.nor has there been even a shred of honesty about this hidden ratchet tightening around the country s future .
[russia] the oblasts are supposed to be more federal than they really are , almost all regular oblasts are very much tightly in putin s grip and there is nt much wiggle room for them politically or economically .
[russia] but , you have to understand that many people are still oblivious or are just in denial  which is most likely  of the things going on in the world right now .
[us] controversial to say the least but also important to remember that it s a symbol even today to millions of americans , whose ancestors died under that flag , of their southern culture and way of life , not just to represent the horrors of slavery and the war that ravaged our country more than any other before or since .
[russia] i present to you this horrible 2013 megahit   natalie  oh god , what a man , i want a son from you , i want a daughter from you , full stop
[us] i know that it s uncouth in europe to rush a meal , but in the us we often are nt looking to spend 3 hours in a restaurant .
[us] according to odenberg , the pipeline motivates russian navy presence in swedish economic zone and the russians can use this for military intelligence should they want to .
[russia] official accusation is  for enticing riots   however there were no any riots related to these two people , they are peaceful and one of them is seriously ill    there are rumors about possible nationalization of bp and shell assets in russia   httptop.rbc.rupolitics25072014938903.shtml  if london wo nt stop attempts to impose new sanctions   soon after appearance these rumors david cameron said it s not wise to deny russia from world championship in 2018 , plus  he refused to return   httptop.rbc.rupolitics27072014939194.shtml   273k pledge made to his campaign by the wife  lubov chernukhina  of ex russian ministry of finances   small but brave lithuania is about to impose  sanctions against russia   httptop.rbc.rupolitics24072014938783.shtml     canadian pm said it s not wise to return russia to g8   httpwww.theglobeandmail.comglobedebateourdutyistostandfirminthefaceofrussianaggressionarticle19767742   r.i.p.
[russia] let s just say it straight  even if there is some kind of irrefutable evidence at this point and it s presented to the world you still wo nt believe it .
[us] plus all the us has basically same culture  maybe some northsouth division  whereas catalans have a distinctive one and many feel as if it is disappearing with support from madrid .
[russia] if you think a you re a good example for the world then the world is fucked , particularly europe when the developing world takes your example of imperialism to heart and starts using  you  for resource extraction and cheap labor
[us] and the eu is nt something i d exactly call   more democratic   , what with a parliament which lacks legislative initiative , the setup of the commission  how the council is appointed .
[russia] but dont you think people would feel it was at least more fair if there was a vote and they were confident the vote was not rigged
[russia] almost entire human history indicates that it is in fact industrial , advanced nations who go for a land and resources grab , not the other way around .
[russia] the recent polls show that approval ratings of the current regime are going on the decline as more and more people are realizing the perspective of falling into poverty , in spite of widespread jingoistic propaganda .
[russia] i am happy to see that the eu mostly maintains its moral high ground , it is refreshing to observe it in comparison to the utter lawlessness of the  if it suits me , it is right  reasoning that characterises us actions .
[us] you could fit all the troops we had stationed in europe  ten years ago  before we withdrew that infantry division into someplace like fort hood .
[russia] i have observed that hungary and russia share another similarity  a small , hysterical class of liberals who like smearing their own country to win kudos from their progressive friends in the west .
[russia] just imagine  ofc , for instance   given a chance to open a restaurant you re not allowed to choose a dishes in a menu , to make your own decision about personnel salaries , to decide which farmer would supply you eggs for a fucking omelette ... because , say , town authorities will decide it instead of you .
[russia] i love how those who cry about srs are often the ones who cry  sexism  when it does nt exist and ignore actual sexism , like the guy who does nt care when hookers are arrested , only the johns .
[russia] as time goes on , witnesses age and die , and evidence gets lost , the number of his victim rises without bound , as is the brutality of his methods .
[us] i think the azeris were protected by the british and it allowed them to remain independent from russia and the ottomans and they are a democracy .
[us] as someone who spent 9 months living in the czech republic , took an elementary czech class , and lived with a czech roommate who spoke no english ... i was surprised at how similar czech , polish , and croatian were .
[russia] it lowered after the dissolution and in the 90 s , like everything else , but the system was recovering during the past 510 years .
[russia] in the spirit of their selfless commitment to democracy and european values , ternopil and ivanofrankivsk oblast radas ban the party of regions and the communist party from engaging in political activities on their territory  threaten their members with prosecution if they do nt resign immediately .
[russia] instead on february 21 he stopped to act as president , stopped to respond , fled first to kharkov and then on february 22 run away to crimea .
[russia] so essentially what the article is saying is that farage had a strong , negative reaction to the establishment press  pathetic attempt at racismbaiting .
[russia] russia has a lot of energy reserves , a large landmass and still a more capable military than china , although that is quickly changing .
[us] maybe he would nt have issues if he did what he promised and did nt solve protests by making it illegal and killing the people that do it .
[russia] because chechens not only made business out of abductions and slavery , but they became the regional training center for terrorists and finally they attacked dagestan .
[russia] but lets rewind a couple of months back , do you remember pictures from euromaidan with some chick who proposed to marry a guy , who would switch loyalty to  the people  and other pictures of older womans , teachers etc who stood in front of berkut and internal forces with all sorts of signs and slogans
[russia] that gentleman may never pull the trigger or load the gun , but the threat to live like that is enough in itself , which is why i expressed my concern about ukraine in nato and what will happen if such event would occur .
[us] midwesterners iirc are only behind the south and not by much in gun ownership rates but in my experience southerners like to play cowboy and they re the ones you see online waltzing through walmart with their ar15 .
[russia] i can tell you i fully support putin and the rest of the russian government in the current conflict , even more then i did when it started as russia has shown itself to be level headed
[us] in the usa we have these kinds of stories to feed into stereotypes of welfare abuse with single mothers that have 5 kids and do nt work and i suppose they live like queens or some nonsense .
[russia] somehow rt journalists managed to capture trucks filled with stuff , but their western colleagues only showed almost empty trucks , suggesting that all trucks are filled like that .
[us] ftas attempt to pit the people of the world against one another so they do nt see the bigger picture as they fight for survival .
[us] at the end of the day , russia gets more bang for the buck because russian labor  be it workers or rd  is far cheaper than in western europe and north america .
[us] synonyms  ruler , monarch , crowned head , head of state , potentate , suzerain , overlord , dynast , leader  more 2 . a former british gold coin worth one pound sterling , now only minted for commemorative purposes .
[us] the fact is , there is clearly a conspiracy of silence and active campaign on sites like reddit to block out any information on them especially from americans .
[russia] there were international observers  httpfinance.yahoo.comnewsinternationalobserverscrimeanreferendumstrongly183400247.html also , if there had been any sort of violent or hostile behaviour from the soldiers it would be all over the internet by now , instead we have this  httpwww.liveleak.comviewi4c11394012341ampcomments1 httpwww.dailymail.co.uknewsarticle2571799shockingpicturespeoplecrimeatakingselfiesrussianmaskedgunmenukraineteetersbrinkwar.html
[us] but everyone needs medical care eventually , so the jews who did nt immediately leave will eventually be convinced of the need to move somewhere where they do nt have to worry that their doctors will turn them in .
[us] southern italy is still richer than eastern europe though , and i bet the top 10  of people in eastern europe are a lot better off than the bottom 10  of canadians .
[russia] these are all problems that most countries are fighting with and you naming them as something that will make putin come get you in your sleep does absolutely not adress the issue .
[russia] figures a vanu would be from sweeden  ok , i joke , i am vanu too , it s just that in my country homosexuality and spandex is frowned upon
[us] 1  being religious in general is bad thing  i do not agree with this  2  religion manifesting itself in politics is a bad thing  i do agree with this  i think we can all agree on  2 .
[russia] granted , sweden has concerns over possible incursions , but it s a shame that western newspapers follow the example of its russian counterparts .
[russia] it s like antifascists do nt have any meaning and can not exist without fascists  our nation is  antiusist   if your country is poor and hate us  your government is a friend of our government and eligible for multibillion gifts  i suspect parts of these  gifts  are being returned to our government as  otkat       probably that s how we are getting  nobody s  20bil euros cash stashes in our airports  .
[russia] one more link  people in kaliningrad enclave  konigsberg  decided to create event   stop feeding moscow   httpswww.facebook.comphoto.phpfbid665855116817425   as follow up of upcoming  federalization  events in siberia .
[us] privatization is a oneway street  under gats rules , if a municipality decides to experiment with privatizing water services by selling its operation to a foreign corporation , it is extremely difcult to bring the utility back under public control .
[us] yes , holding people without trial is wrong , and waterboarding people is bad , but you d probably be shocked at how often that sentence ends with  even if they deserve it .
[us] back when the american federal government shut down for about two weeks , my british friend s parents were in america on holiday and she said  thankfully the government opened the national parks back up .
[us] another key part , sow confusion and whataboutism in the media and online  ahem  so that your useful idiots delay things just long enough to water down any response .
[russia] you can no longer go to a military academy , become an officer , get a decent service flat , serve around the ussr  or maybe even in gdr
[russia] at the time the premise it looked for me as relevant as , i dunno , defending the earth from alien invasion  something that will never happen .
[us] i m glad usa has the ability to provide stability to areas all over the world especially in europe where most of my family lives in .
[russia] he s also the one who called milla kunis the  zhid   kike btw , after she complained about discrimination against the jews in chernovtsi .
[russia] article basically states that the name  novorossia  was nt used before putin  except for centuriesold historical events  , that putin somehow  invented  it , gave that name to that region .
[russia] what you might see as separate events non connected to each other , i see as a continuing efforts to undermine russian interests or concerns .
[russia] russia  , sometimes lack of news is good news  government is creating new  postcrimean   doctrine to regulate culture and persuade population they are not exactly europeans   httptop.rbc.rusociety09042014916903.shtml  , first copy of the text had firm  russia is not europe  thesis  i.e.
[russia] the aforementioned mr. putin has transferred the constitutional court and iirc the navy command there , but it s not a city that matters in national politics .
[russia] so you re saying that after being a part of russian empire for about three centuries , there were no russians in baltic states except for those who moved  or was moved  there in 19451990
[russia] for instance , next cities are roughly laying on 55th parallel north  denmark  but a minimum temperature varies a lot  vilnius  20 c , moscow  40 c , novosibirsk  50 c.
[us] because at least in cities there s a shit ton of people in most of the bars , and they all want beer and most of them will tip or have boobs .
[us] httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprkseoul httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprktokyo httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprklondon httpwebtv.un.orgsearchtermdprkwashington unless you live somewhere where there is no fresh water , if you are smart , and can resist being eaten yourself , you are potentially more likely than any other animal to be able to manage somehow .
[russia] i do nt know about somalia , but these commuter trains around sochi ... let s just say that 35c outside and exactly 0 ac units inside is not the best combination .
[us] actual economists have studied a ton of past data , run regressions to separate causes and effects , and tried to combine social and psychological data with hard mathematics to understand how people make decisions on a macro level .
[russia] do nt know about total fertility rate  i was nt able to extract these stats from incredibly buggy and slow cbsd site  , but we have positive natural population growth in saintpetersburg since this year  in the previous years we had natural population decline  .
[us] and , having helped to knock out libya s air defences and conduct some of the initial airtoground strikes , it pulled back from the frontline operations .
[russia] there were observers , just not the kind the west wanted  still , on all videos and photos there were no armed  polite men  in the vicinity of crimean polling stations .
[russia] either way the rebels are just getting worse and worse  the ukrainian army obviously has no reason to shoot down places seeing how the rebels do nt have any that ukraine has to be afraid of .
[us] look at the fight by the us drug industry against government negotiation on drug prices , and by us agribusiness against  trade distorting subsidies   basically provision of food to the poor .
[russia] i followed some of the sources , they just cite other news websites that in turn cite other news websites which just say  well , we kinda heard that lacy panties are banned now  .
[us] since spent fuel ponds typically hold far greater quantities of highly radioactive material then the active nuclear reactors locked inside reinforced containment vessels , they clearly present far greater potential for the catastrophic spread of highly radioactive contaminants over huge swaths of land , polluting the environment for multiple generations .
[russia] eu proposal for bilateral association remains on the table and we see no role for third countries in this process .    source   httpen.cfts.org.uanewseuropeanunionrejectsproposalforukrainerussiaeutrilateraldialogue    ukraine is very special case , considering its history and ties with russia .
[russia] article manages to completely avoid questions of economy and logistics , making the transfer look like completely political decision  thus , not really justified  .
[us] it is a direct failure of our commitment to comply with the un resolution 1325 on women increasingly take part in decision making at all levels , and does not inspire hope for a major change in the perception of safety .
[russia] they have rights to peacefully protest , but they have no rights to seize buildings , beat people and police , and call for separatism .
[us] but yeah , let s all get together and circlejerk over how bad the serbians are as if they are independently wealthy and can afford to spite themselves to appease people in eu .
[us] i think they are different for reasons you have mentioned , but i still think they are the the most obvious example to mention .
[russia] other rumors says dead bodies are not being given to families who speak with journalists  there are  miraculous resurrections   httpswww.facebook.comavorobeyposts10152386708534624  when families suddenly stop mourning and declare photos of fresh graves are fake .
[russia] i m not taking responsibility for every case of corruption or mismanage of funds or murder or any other crime which happens in russia .
[russia] i appreciate that the majority of ukrainians who came to maidan truly wanted something better for their country , indeed it is well past time for things to get better .
[russia] it does not matter what the actual opinion of people is  how democratic of you  i am sure that this sentiment is widely shared among ukrainians as well , just to point out to your previous argument about referendums and kiev readiness to acknowledge it  on a topic of tragedies , sooo what was the tragedy in georgia in 2008 and why it was nt sanctioned into oblivion
[russia] i tried to fight a bad mood , reluctantly listened to midaged cunts who were arguing about the latest events in economy and ukraine along with crimea etc.
[us] clearly this does nt mean it is a perfect system , but it is an alternative that has functioned for hundreds of years without too much of a hiccup besides the war .
[russia] as for the part about rewarding russia , i never said anything like that , what i suggested is giving russia a way out , not a complete humiliation which would backfire domestically tremendously .
[russia] 3  as i said before , they have green light on the border  otherwise i do nt understand , how they get to ukraine  .
[russia] i tried in the part above , this issue is no longer logical one and will have huge impact on domestic audience , the idea of russia paying reparations is like a spit in the face of russian population .
[russia] ask their citizens if they see future in their respective countries or any prospects of improvement , ask if european union has answers or methods to improve situation there and not leave people to poverty or immigration .
[us] i do nt think i would need to learn a language for that , especially since my plan would be to spread my seed throughout all of europe .
[russia] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikispanishcivilwarotherfactions read up , it was relatively close to your country and should provide a couple ideas about  cooperation and friendship  on the continent at the time .
[russia] open map of europe , look at ukraine and realize that ukraine in nato is a gun next to russia s head , or since you are finnish , a knife next to throat .
[russia] 64 vip jets fled from ukraine during last 36 hours as protestors have started to block highways to airports to prevent fleeing of senators , oligarchs , government from the country .
[russia] even though i do nt speak ukrainian , i can probably understand 4050  of it , so when i followed initial euromaidan i daily heard all sorts of shit about russia and its involvement .
[us] the only reason people care about circumcision is because circumcised people think uncircumcised penises look weird and uncircumcised people think circumcised penises look weird .
[russia] rpolitota emerged from one of few popular russian  communities   httppolitota.d3.ru  where people discussed hot topics and problems of russia , including thoroughly cherry picked , as they are totally ignored by most of popular russian media , not an alternative news source but one complementing the popular ones to build somewhat objective image .
[us] the headline made it look like 150,000 are getting drafted , but the article seems to imply that this is just a yearly thing that happens in russia once you hit the right age demographic .
[russia] it s about the real power with real muscles  right sectorsvoboda and their fighters who are organized , extremely loyal , trained and ready to do whatever it takes to achieve their goals .
[russia] crimea was a valuable asset for hundreds of years , ukrainians blackmailed russia with black sea bases for 2 decades , so when russia geopolitically lost , it  seized the moment  and dealt with one of its problems .
[russia] propaganda also works wonders , people there are even more illiterate and listen to aljazeera , their local  approved  news or western media if they are fairly progressive .
[russia] httpwww.interpretermag.comrussianbackedseparatistkhodakovskychangeshisstorytoreutersordoeshe  the thrust of khodakovsky s interview appeared to be to imply that a rival separatist group , the  lugansk people s republic   lpr  , could have possessed buks , and also to pin on the ukrainian military ultimate responsibility for the shootdown of the malaysian plane , because they claimed to have confirmed the presence of buks in the region , and should have rerouted civilian flights accordingly ...  khodakovsky said his unit had never possessed buks , but they may have been used by rebels from other units .
[russia] but i do know that it s about situation in russia  you informed about it by not living in russia  and how terrible the russia is , right
[russia] the only reasonable explanation for your post that i can find of , is that you have lost someone close to you on mh17 , perhaps a family member or a dear friend .
[us] but in pure costbenefit terms , i guess plain charity saves more lives , so if we get really into it , you could probably convince me to give up friendly asylum politics in favor of more standard charity .
[russia] citizens complain all the time about difficulties of legal ways to obtain  registracia   apartments with this option usually cost more  i guess they pay for  protection  of police to evict problematic tenants if needed  .
[us] it s also funny you mention iran , because i want my country to increase relations with iran because they remind me of vietnam .
[us] there are other companies like lyft which basically does compete directly with cabs  they put fuzzy pink mustaches on the front of the car and will stop if you hail them .
[us] there was a list of epa approved levels for chloroform , and bromoform , and explained that they add chlorine and bromine to the water to disinfect it .
[us] something related i pointed out in another thread    nord stream    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikinordstreamsecurityandmilitaryaspects   swedish military experts and several politicians , including former minister for defence mikael odenberg , have stated that the pipeline can cause a security policy problem for sweden .
[us] did you ever consider that having a large neighbor that uses ethnic groups as a pretense for invasion might stoke nationalistic issues in the countries that they invade
[us] it gives corporations entitlements to every change that happens in their favor and prevents any changes in the people s favor by means of a  ratchet effect  .
[us] the nature of the legal obligations resulting from provisional entry into force would appear to be the same as the legal obligations in a treaty that has entered into force , as any other result would create an uncertain legal situation .
[russia] the more time it will take , the more opportunities for ukrainian armyngvolunteers to do something stupid that can be turned into a news item for domestic or even ukrainian and worldwide consumption .
[russia] something like that , not a man , not a woman , completely lonely , flame bursts out of him ... flames ... that s hellish flame , that s the flame of apocalypse .
[russia] based on the quality of this sub i can extrapolate that most western euros are racist pricks who disdain gypsies and african immigrants plus also muslims , but i ve been to much of western europe and i know that s not really true .
[russia] since russia lacks puppets or clientstates and is acting against a somewhat united u.s  eu combo , it had to resort to  not so covert means  .
[russia] in regards to katyn and other atrocities , yeah this was stalin getting rid of opposition and possible  polish divisions  , a war crime no doubt about that .
[us] they will inherit some culture from their parents  which is not a bad thing  but the society they grow up in will have a strong effect on them growing up .
[us] there is a pressure for a good student in georgia , for instance , to go to harvard if they re accepted instead of going the instate public school .
[russia] adding up the cost of getting those factories up to eu standards and having to sell at eu prices , much of that industry will collapse .
[russia] so the question is   why would russia give ukraine any money , any debt relief , any market opportunities or any better deal on gas , if your political elite  and it seems a huge portion of your population  is openly antirussian
[russia] too bad , i have quite a few upvotes by your name , means that you re a smart guy , i do nt upvote people very often  or downvote  on reddit .
[us] i was watching the british house of lords yesterday and i was appalled at the  i dont know ,  be aware that cameron is lying through his teeth about the nhs .
[russia] i am not a trained psychiatrist , and , as far as i know , understanding psychopathologies is still quite a challenge even for them .
[russia] formally , that sign can be considered as  imposition of information on nontraditional sexual relationships , causing interest in such relations  , and since it was shown in public , bypassing minors can see it  i think that could be argued in the court , though  .
[russia] if in result of  occupation and annexation  only 1 person died in questionable circumstances , maybe popular support was still there and people were not threatened by the machine guns next to their head
[russia] nobody  treats anybody in this world perfectly , every country has its downsides , the  not well enough  is bullshit because there are no absolutes , only relatives and relatively to ukraine , russian tatars got far more out of their minority status than the ukrainian tatars did .
[russia] but now amelia is too mainstream and i i do nt know of any other names that are nt stupidly mainstream or too  speshul snowflake  .
[russia] but i guess the blanket term fascist has gotten a bit stale from overuse , i know how important it is for you to cycle through your doublethink terms in order to evade  boredom  .
[us] i think it may very well remind people that america is nt such an evil empire that some young folks think it is today , if they start to see their parents talking about how it s overall a good deal for europe .
[russia] if id be an immoral realpolitik asshole , i would throw these protesters under the bus , preferably with a lot of violence involved , thus making them martyrsheroes .
[russia] poland and baltic states may want revenge against russia but others have more practical concerns such as whether or not they will keep their job , same salary or if they re politicians , they will worry if they will get reelected after overseeing a collapse into another recession right after the last one .
[russia] yes it would , but you play with the cards you were dealt and hope that the other side wo nt cheat  and they previously were caught cheating and pretending that  its all good   .
[russia] if you work for the government you can not leave the country right now  at best you will be fined andor fired upon return  if you ll manage to get out  .
[russia] for me it looks like obvious preparation for invasion to  protect russian citizens   just like it happened in georgia in 2008 . note  russian political elite is partially prepared for conflict with the west as  they have accepted a law which forbid them to have accounts in foreign banks   httpizvestia.runews562716   as recently as in december , 2013 .
[us] by ignoring the idea that their sort of bias exists , they ve been able to misrepresent themselves and their biased findings as unbiased medical researchers and normallegitimate research .
[russia] putin invaded two countries which i like  i ve spent years in both georgia and ukraine  , now he is digging his own political grave which also has potential to bury weakened russian economy and the state itself  trade embargoes can do that easily as country heavily depends on both import and export  .
[us] you re right in your implication however , the eu does need to integrate militarily  adopt a common foreign policy , but do nt act as if we do nt want too help .
[russia] substantial part of population share european values , but apparently it s not substantial enough to form modern  europecompatible  peaceful state which would nt start  participate in 6 wars during 23 years .
[us] and american higher education  yes , you do have to pay money for college in the us and the uk  beats the pants off the vast majority of european countries .
[russia] most of our airforce was essentially wiped out on the first day , our tanks might as well have been cardboard until the t34 s debut .
[us] but , for example , regarding the secrecy issue , savannah jeff has already explained why this is so  its so with all such governmental negotiations , and always has been , so why would ttip be any different
[russia] he was sentenced to 30 months in a labor camp but was released two years into his term after receiving a pardon from thenoutgoing president dmitry medvedev in april 2012 .
[russia] ukrainian parliament is a joke right now , they re hysterically creating those laws with the speed of a machine gun doing everything the new power wants them to .
[us] you have every excuse in the world to justify any horrible thing perpetuated by putin and his power hungry brutal thugs and yet ukraine is genocidal for defending invasions .
[russia] it would be rather absurd if he did not punish groups that aided the nazis when he punished groups who were innocent  and of course , the doctor s plot which was going to start a genuine antijewish pogrom , praise all deities that stalin croaked before he had a change to implement it  .
[us] we lost focus in afghanistan and got bogged down against the taliban and had to slowly go home with our tails between our legs after a decade of fighting .
[us] its basically like gats except more radical privatization and globalization will be mandated , and wider in scope . . and the most extreme  radical  liberalization  will be the default  unless there are explicit carve outs added now  .
[russia] the tops of trees were splintered , and a series of small craters  about a dozen  had been blasted in a straight line , starting in the park and reaching the walls of the building , blowing out many of its windows and spraying the area with jagged shrapnel .
[us] uk needs to shit or get off the pot instead of trying to constantly hold the eu hostage to squeeze as many benefits as they can out of it at every turn .
[russia] it is rather a problem of the public , which looks at the screen and must understand who is in front of them  a journalist or an agitator .
[russia] often i hear jokes about them like  it could be nice if their interviewers have started to ask opinions of people  outside  of kremlin walls  .
[russia] who do nt understand the stupidity of this statement  it s a city on ukrainian south with 80  of population who speak mostly in russian , and 6  of population of who speak mostly in ukrainian .
[us] as it is a big part of the problem with munitions over libya is that some of the typhoons could nt use american pgms , so even though there was a massive warstock of the things sitting in germany they could have been rocks as useful as they were .
[us] militarily we would never be able to compete with the us but we still have different interests globally and canada should be able to fight its own battles and not just rely on the states .
[russia] statusquo was ukraine in neither association agreement nor nato options on the table , playing both sides against each other while failing to create a functioning state on a spectacular scale .
[russia] well when you are loosing something valuable , its pretty natural to commit effort to save as much as possible  lets say even 10c on the dollar or whatever  .
[russia] out of all people i know there were maybe two or three persons that i could ve called homophobic but i ca nt even be sure they were nt joking .
[russia] regardless of government policy , no matter how either aggressive or peaceful it would be , the root of contemporary controversies lies deep within the history .
[us] impressive military there s  impressive  and  doing the bare minimum to maintain existing assets  , which , again , many european nato members are nt bothering to do .
[us] i m sure you , being romanian , know how , at the instant communism fell , in various countries in your area , the largest criminals , the people who soon were to become oligarchs   in russia they were called  new russians  were there with cash .
[us] as it stands now , there are companies that can do business with all of eu for very cheap by basing themselves in a any of the countries and picking whichever one has the lowest taxes .
[russia] general assembly where nobody has veto could not directly sent un peacekeeping forces , but it could pass resolution which would legitimate sending forces by individual countries .
[russia] this is the end of europe  we re wasting freed austria  this victory  a diagnosis  this is a requiem for the european union and the traditional values  it s hellfire , this fire apocalypse  there s not just her , there are all young bearded
[us] they protect corporations from the normal functioning democracies and have a chilling effect on the ability of countries to bring about any kind of improvement  as that might adversely affect some multinational corporation , and require huge compensation .
[russia] russia does not exactly enjoyed fall of the soviet union ,  open wiki and read up about stuff like shock therapy , life expectancy , drugs , alcohol consumption  so the time when russians think that  historical injusticeunfairness  was fixed as in crimea , they felt proud .
[us] most of the amish  and other anabaptists like the mennonites  are descended from the same group of german immigrants from the 17th and 18th centuries .
[us] and once you start having to pay for your oil in remnibi or whatever currency  instead of dealing with what actually caused this crisis , a completely lack of any regulation or oversight of the financial sector .
[russia] note  afaik the only tourist visa which is more difficult to obtain than russian is north korean   yandex  search engine  introduced  2 different versions of world maps   httpimgur.comzy3ixov   one for russia and another for the rest of the world  russian version has crimea colored as russian territory   russian authorities are demanding google to do the same    un general assembly declared crimean referendum illegal   httpwww.ukrinform.uaengnewsunadoptsresolutionbackingukrainesterritorialintegrity319301  , only 10 countries supported russia  including north korea , sudan , syria , venezuela , belarus .
[us] it evens out in most places  except here in the us , where cost of living is high but minimum wage is less than  8 usd in some places  .
[us] i m not saying that it s cheap , and i think that it needs to be cheaper , but unless you are waiting until you need to go to the emergency room you ll be okay .
[us] i would like to think that the bbc is just ignorant like my friend , but my gut tells me that they re taking advantage of this misunderstanding and they re playing a game .
[us] therefore , the alliance government as well as social democraticled governments without public discussion introduced closer cooperation with nato , and now decided that sweden will become a  host  so that nato can coordinate their work from a new headquarters in sweden .
[russia] go tell putin now that  russian military pales in comparison to nato  the next time he visits crimea , now an oblast of the russian federation .
[russia] i disagree that anecdotal evidence is worthless but opinion polls make it easier to get the whole picture even though the results look controversial or contradict to personal experience .
[russia] nobody is sure how far putin will go and nobody is willing to risk military or economic warfare over some former russian  and now again
[russia] sure nationality plays it s role there , but pragmatically speaking not a lot of normal people will be happy to join the less economically prosperous country .
[russia] by eastern europeans i mean the likes of romania , hungary , slovakia and others , hence i gave you a list of fascist countries in europe .
[us] we also lost thousands of american lives and hundreds of thousands iraqi and afghan lives and sowed massive animosity and hatred of america in the region .
[us] the lack of party support has forced to extend the meeting to avoid officially broken by consensus between the president and the four formations .
[russia] it is weird how barbaric communist soviet russian nazi can make a language regional for 5  of it s population , yet you useless country does not do anything about quarter of your population .
[us] i notice sometimes on  reurope people do nt pick up on my sarcasm and think i m  gulp  serious  as far as i know , the us was  the  driving force , which caused the soviet union to collapse .
[russia] they never said maidan was being run by jews , the people running maidan from the praviy sector were the ones calling for the cleansing from the jewish people .
[us] i do nt want to totally doubt the efficiency of the ukrainian military ... but i would expect better performance from the red army .
[russia] seeing so many people eating apples , polish doctors probably are saying to themselves ,  fffuuu ...  as a side note , it is nt the first time russian government bans import for political reasons .
[us] i guess that s what you call a unsc member , largest national economy , most powerful military , international reserve currency  most influential north american state .
[us] if i use cash i not only pay the extra price that the store charges for credit cards , i also forego any benefit of using a credit card .
[russia] not to mention future economic damage from sanctions in terms of equipment in energy sector and shittier credit lines for population for 15  a year or smtn .
[russia] for me it s total bullcrap useurope tolerate occupation of these countries by russian  peacekeepers   situation in ukraine is direct result of this  peacekeeping  because kremlin decided they have cartblanch to  peacekeep  exussr neighbors at will after three successful  peacekeeping operations  when everyone in the west said it s victim s fault they need peacekeeping .
[russia] also , does not address the fact that  european  demand for both steel and chemicals is not that high  difficult to pay back to say the least  .
[russia] time is on our side , it s no secret who bought and paid for the new government in kiev , and it s no secret what the history of the u.s. is with its military adventurism .
[russia] brits are migrating back to our lakes too early by several weeks , people are scared we might get a cold snap and they d all die my first thought after reading this wrong was  but brits do nt feel the cold
[us] eh , sweden does nt actually make a lot of personal firearms , and there s no reason why the few they do make could nt come through some importer like eaa or century
[us] guy on bbc   more than a million people have said that in spite of all the uncertainty independence brings , they d rather go on their own than stay with westminster ... westminster can not put their hands in their pockets and turn away ... huge changes are coming .
[russia] i do nt believe it was deliberate either , but there were many other instances of the west deliberately weakening the crumbling ussr and later nascent russian federation .
[russia] russia should carry on with the g8 anyway , inviting belarus , venezuela , iran , syria , china , india , and kazakhstan just to troll the west .
[us] i live in the us where  were it not for ccpa , and one other us ngo , i would not have even known about gats or what is clearly an attack on public services globally .
[russia] and at the same time society in rufed can not hide it anymore  officials claim there is unofficial  yet  list of   400 dead and wounded soldiers from north caucasus region only   httpwww.google.comtranslatehlenampieutf8ampslruamptlenampuhttp3a2f2ftop.rbc.ru2fsociety2f272f082f20142f945483.shtml23xtor3dalinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1  .
[russia] two his favorite hobbies are to prove that russia attacked first in the 2008 georgian war  theory that contradicts to the eu investigation  and to deny global warming .
[us] actually financial innovation is a very interesting topic  look at the rise of etfs for a good example , and mbss for a bad example .
[russia] russian mp  conchita wurst winning eurovision is  the end of europe  oh , i wonder who that was ...  vladimir zhirinovsky described the victory as  the end of europe in other news , clowns throw pies at each other and stand up comedians make jokes .
[us] and when we asked our ob and pediatrician about longterm benefits of the foreskin  outside of any mutilation talking points  they did nt cite any as long as the procedure was not botched .
[us] in reality the ussr started the war on the side of germany , with a coinvasion of poland  and committed mass murder as a result  .
[us] hundreds of millions of people can not afford to spend money on anything else when you give two industries such carte blanche to take and take and take .
[us] tisa the secret   trade in services agreement   httpwww.worldpsi.orgenpsispecialreporttisaversuspublicservices   now being negotiated in secret between the us and 37 other countries , really pushes privatization of public education , and most other public services , so thats not a good omen .
[us] through negotiations , including those in cancun , governments specify which of their own services will be liberalized and make requests of other nations .
[russia] i believe the general reason is just a bureaucracy and bribe extortion , it s just in some regions it s not so widespread and people from some regions of interest  crimea , south ossetia  are processed as a priority .
[russia] and can you name i reason apart from  russia is sith empire evil putler muh occupations      good ,     good ,     let     the     butthurt     flow     trough     you .
[russia] it s interesting that there are nt many jews in russia today , and yet the hate towards them still is pretty evident because of the ultraconservative mentality prevalent in the country .
[russia] this is all you need to know about why no officials are going to be punished for willful negligence and the tragedy of rotherham will go on .
[us] there s a lot of possible scenarios , which could possibly take place , in the absence of what mearsheimer means when he says  peace . . and most of them certainly do nt include actual military warfare .
[russia] the amount of traffic in the city and the desparate lack of parking spaces  until recently  scares some people away from getting a car of their own .
[us] the west is decadent and corrupt , never mind that russia has massive drug problems methadone and modern , scientific drug treatment programs are for the decadent west only .
[russia] if kiev does not want to engage with russia  and repeatedly publicly declare its antirussian stance before any crimean developments  , russia has no incentive to hold back and pursue its own national interests .
[russia] ...  conquest and others have claimed that in 1932 stalin intended to punish their resistance to his rule by starving millions of ukrainians to death .
[us] the reason why gold is so expensive is mostly because it s considered the traditional form of hard currency and investors use it as an inflation hedge .
[us] i think that kind of reaction you are describing is most confusing for me when it comes from people who were nt even alive for soviet times or even better ones that do nt even live inside of russia .
[us] the exposed glans mucosa after circumcision becomes abnormally keratinized with an increase in the number of cell layers in the mucosal epithelium of the glans .
[russia] all my life i have been putting toilet paper into a bin and until now i never thought that i have to do this only because the pipe system is old and that clogging can be avoided by using more modern pipe system .
[us] she has a c1 english certification btw , and people still thought she was an american , even after hearing her speak in italian .
[russia] russia is the loaded gun for europeans , that is why eastern european countries joined the nato and eu , and that is why ukraine is also going to join both organizations .
[us] they did have an unmanned cargo spacecraft , it was retired this july , and they will build a small part of lockheed s orion .
[us] i hope they are doing archeological digs in random yards to keep better track of these migratory patterns and to learn more about these ancient people here in america .
[us] it may be sad and accurate that that is how america is viewed but that sterotype is in no way representative of the us population .
[us] its 27 year old author , nick skala , a brilliant law student and  single payer activist   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvdwbzz070mk  , died suddenly on august 8 , 2009 , in chicago , shortly after it was published .
[russia] list is just keep on growing with every year and your hand is seen everywhere throughout latin america , middle east and as of lately right on our doorstep  georgia , ukraine , kyrgyzstan .
[russia] but as of now , russia will continue undermining ukrainian sovereignty , attack current kiev administration and show  real moscow influence  for further disintegration of ukraine .
[russia] caucasians are often involved in organized crime and standing up to them and attempting to arrest one will lead to revenge and the policeman in question is definitely risking hsi life and health .
[russia] there is also the vostok spacecraft , standing in moscow museum   the first human spaceflight in history was accomplished on this spacecraft on april 12 , 1961 , by soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin .
[us] if there s any beef that the russians would have against the crimean khanate , it d be them sacking moscow in the 1500s , but , by that logic , russia would hold a grudge against france as well .
[us] if the us took over canada and made their provinces into states as much as i would disagree with doing that and if no country in the world recognized it , canada would now be part of the us and no one could do anything about it .
[us] not sure if that s a lot of money where you live , but here in the states it s only about 13 more than a typical new economy car .
[us] papal infallibility only applies in very specific circumstances , and francis was most certainly  not  speaking  ex cathedra  when he was talking about gays .
[us] circumcision  s a cultural thing inherited from a religious tradition that only made sense because anything related to sex in the past was taboo , including cleaning their own privates .
[us] i do nt want to do too much of a  what if  war but iirc the us does nt have any more armoured divisions in europe .
[russia] i believe it s orthodox christian  byzantine  culture where everything is allowed and there is no firm morale thus every action has multiple interpretations and a saint can be considered a cause of problems  for example country could convert to catholicism and could be in eu by now if alexander nevsky was nt successful in that battle  some people actually do nt praise him as hero but instead considering him a conformist who preferred mongols to europe  catholicism  .
[russia] brief formulation of this position is the thesis that  russia is not europe  , confirmed by the whole history of the country and people .
[russia] its a union of necessity , just like good old 19 century alliances to  oppose  other threats  its not like russia is not aware of china s favorite hobby of redrawing ancient maps , but this problem will arise further down the line 15  years from now , the  present  dictates the necessity of such relations for both parties
[us] from a personal standpoint , i had a navy buddy whose ship made a port call in finland and they had to leave early because some locals were harassing black sailors .
[us] when you say european style do you mean like the name order  given name followed by surname , in comparison the surname followed by given name
[russia] russia lost ukraine second time with possibility of ukraine becoming a european union member , there is not much of a prospect of ukraine becoming prorussia leaning in any near term future , thus russia s action to destabilizecripple ukraine .
[russia] once i bough there a coupe of beers without asking the price and regretted that immediately , having to pay insane  30 for that .
[us] if the cost to heat them jumps up , the owners  they are all privately owned now  may suddenly have a constitutionally protected legal loophole which will let them go out of business and tear those buildings down , replacing them with condos which in many cities would cost   500,000 per unit , or more , a cost which almost none of the working people currently living there could suddenly afford .
[us] conspiracy stuff out in the wild  that s what that s about  and weakening european nations and the united states , because as snyder pointed out they ca nt really compete headtohead .
[us] however , i think that  the ebola virus  is nt as communicable as it would need to be to become a major pandemic , in other places than africa , unless some nonhuman host becomes a reservoir for it . . for the reasons discussed endlessly elsewhere .
[russia] i have no idea why i should take some google maps graphic made by i do nt know who in a language i do nt understand serious .
[us] sorry for portraying a country that uses steel ships to plow through smaller wooden fishing boats right off the coast of foreign countries in an attempt to bully their neighbors as the bad guys .
[russia] so i ll have to live in ukraine for some time before moving elsewhere  it seems to be the only place where i can work legally without years of paperwork in advance  .
[us] i do nt read the wsj either , but that is because they have a political bias towards the republican party , and therefore want to underreport good economic news to hinder the obama presidency .
[us] waving an isis flag does nt actually cause anyone to be injured  certainly nobody is supporting the act of waving the flag , but that people have a right to wave  any  flag .
[russia] america on the other hand is a federalised super state where each  state has no identity or individualism ,  texas , southern states and northern state , california , new york and hawai . .
[russia] i do nt entirely see eyetoeye with putin , but i completely agree with him that the collapse of the ussr was the greatest geopolitical disaster of the modern era .
[us] however , i would not be surprised if even prottip posts did get deleted because the intent of blocking them so aggressively is clearly to make it so americans have no idea that these ultrasecretive  completely unconstitutional  talks  are even taking place .
[russia] you are claiming that the embargoes now and the potential future embargo on clothing form us  eu companies do nt matter as most people in russia buy hardly anything made there as those things are  expensive i have never claimed such thing .
[russia] surely they understand  slavic brotherhood  mentality will be broken  on ukrainian side only  population in russia overwhelmingly support invasion into ukraine  at least in crimea  as people see it as russian territory and most think ukrainians wo nt be too angry  after all there is opinion ukrainians are nt even a nation  just different kind of russians  .
[us] he tried to unite his descendents in western asia in a single state , protecting them from corrupt locals , just as you said .
[us] the end of the cold war was probably before you were born , but i do nt know how you can reject that a few hundred kilometers away from where you were born , a few years before you were born , there were sovietrussian soldiers stationed .
[us] i do nt think the ftas framing of almost every act of democracy as  regulation  and it framing the work of democracies as  non tariff barriers  to be eliminated , is desirable .
[us] so either sending kids to bible camp in the us and isis cutting off heads is somehow both comparable on some level , or this guy is using language incorrectly .
[russia] let s not forget the fact that israelis i believe gave away georgian drone codescontrols in exchange for iranian , at least i ve read something like that .
[russia] i hesitate to compare anyone to a nazi , but that right there is some  lets create some liebensraum mein fuhrer  mentality you just spewed .
[russia] considering the last elections which were obviously rigged , an average russian has nothing to do with the situation either in russia or ukraine .
[us] and there are countless laymen who like to make national fiscal matters into a morality play involving ideology and emotion and compare it to household bills .
[us] people who sign up for obamacare plans end up underinsured even if they follow all the recommendations they still are exposed to a lot of risk .
[russia] starting from october , 1 foreign payment systems and creditdebit cards will be prohibited to use in russia , i guess it is time to sell stocks of ecommerce companies who rely on russian shoppers   youtube blocked videos of  russia today  citing violation of tos   spam and falsification   , unblocked them later and said it was technical error  it happened exactly 2 years later from previous such accident   information agency itartass  is returning its soviet name   httpwww.kommersant.rudoc2432694   tass  telegraph agency of soviet union  , apparently it s time to be proud of soviet origins   thugs accompanied by russian authorities  or russian authorities accompanied by thugs  are confiscating businesses of ukrainian owners  across crimea   httpinopressa.ruarticle20mar2014corrierecrimea.html  and  mainland russia  including  candy factory in russian lipetsk   httptop.rbc.rupolitics20032014912424.shtml  , it s a violation of european laws and article 35 of russian constitution  if only russian authorities knew  what is constitution
[us] when you pretend like everyone here with an american flair must be a bible thumping lunatic from alabama , you miss the point entirely .
[us] please attempt to see the big picture and that we re smart to do what we can to minimize the risks as best as we can .
[us] then throwing subsidies in the faces of countries that belong to eu is even better as if developed areas throughout eu do nt help out the economy of all of eu through increased trade .
[us] when i ve had the same symptoms in the us , i made an apt sameday and walked right in with no wait , they ve done all the normal tests , then looked closer via blood tests to rule out any nutrient deficiencies , and then put me on two weeks of antibiotics to clear up the sinus infection .
[us] consequently , israelis like hearing someone tell off the europeans for being idiots , because if the europeans are inclined neither to educate themselves about the conflict or to support israel , israelis have no reason not to tell them to fuck off .
[us] besides , a lot of the popular countries on this map  italy , france , etc  do nt speak  statistically speaking  very good english , so there s going to be a language barrier anyway .
[us] edit  just on a hunch i googled one of the names in that article . . a person involved in the 1979 cover up of the river bank incident is apparently in the russian duma now .
[russia] one can argue that it s not about the lack of civilization , it s about conflicting geopolitical interests since russia never was integrated into a supranational alliance that it did nt forge itself  apart from medieval times   we ve always been the barbarous monsters that needed to be converted into another faith , or be brought under the iron will of an enlightened emperor or just exterminated like vermin to give living space to a superior people .
[russia] since russia is so big , we have many words for backwater places     uryupinsk   a real town , even i had to look up its location .
[russia] as for jewish population  general consensus is that it was nt a onesided affair as there were jewish auxiliaries within upa itself and pogroms were decried by oun leadership as useless or even harmful to the goals of the movement .
[russia] russia  , no news  goods news  government has signed  gas contract with china   httptop.rbc.rueconomics21052014925265.shtml  and price was so low they are ashamed to publish it .
[russia] actually , i listened the speaker and he indeed said  on 300  that banderivets committed terrible crimes  katyn massacre , volhynia massacre  and then they all chant together  pole , remember katyn
[russia] what soviet union faced was  almost  a completely united europe , who came not to conquer , but to end the existence of slavs and get lebensraum for itself .
[us] we had to make a compromise , and i m happy with this compromise as i believe it s much better than the previous status quo .
[us] in usa there are many laws will only last for so long so that it is forced to be negotiated again at a later date no matter what .
[us] whenever we have german exchange students , i always try to tie everything to david hasselhoff and talk about how much they love him .
[us] they were super nice to me , drove me around to get various stamps  which cost 50 cents  and helped me out with no problems .
[us] it is also useful for europeans to utilize russia as their own boogieman , which not only helps to cement the necessity of the european union , it s economic integration , and the concept of common security , but also maintains the united states heavily invested in the region .
[us] at this point it is mostly the us and uk governments that are pushing them and they are looking like they are out of touch with public opinion in the real world .
[us] people who can get a phd or its equivalent in some of the sciences , or even just an ms in some kinds of engineering , have a very bright future .
[russia] i d bet my money on them simply closing their russian support offices and transferring responsibility for their operations onto local banks  which are fully controlled and partially belong to fsb  i.e.
[russia] unofficially half of my family was killed there by abkhazians and chechens  nobody cared to actually protect russians , you can  well , could  see empty houses everywhere with naive signs  russians live here   as if they could protect the tenants instead of turning them into targets .
[russia] i do nt know if we need to agree with each other necessarily , all i was advocating about that there were plenty of reasons to sign mrp and delay the war in soviet leadership mind .
[russia] well , russia is likewise interested in not having a nato base right on its border , seeing how we only get invaded , oh , like every 50 years and lose , oh , like , several million people each time .
[russia] tatar s advantageous position in russia has even made them able to present their own history during the universiade , along with some russian history
[russia] also when budget of russia wo nt have enough money  after oil prices drop  to pay reparations to chechnya for two lost wars  there will be third war which russia will lose again along with thousands of lives and probably whole southern region  krasnodar  stavropol  dagestan  ingushetia  etc.  .
[russia] this is the same in international relations  you want to make a moral stand and  do the right thing  , prepare to open your wallet .
[russia] disclaimer  i m not against putin personally  he s just average person with too much power in his hands and idiotic sovietbred entourage which does nt know what to do besides building state capitalism borrowed from xix century .
[us] if for whatever reason usa has an economic collapse , the entire world is beyond fucked and i d likely guess usa would still end up the least fucked out of the group .
[us] but they d probably hit the same roadblock china is hitting ... in that they re afraid if they give in to hong kong it ll setoff a domino effect with china s coastal regions .
[us] on thursday , four of the country s top economic institutes urged chancellor angela merkel to increase public spending in a bid to stoke the economic engine .
[russia] they ceased to be a majority in late xixearly xx century , russians were about 50  in crimea well before wwii , during which crimean tatars were deported for nazi collaboration  not all collaborated , of course , but those little details were apparently too unimportant for stalin  .
[us] armenia , belarus , bolivia , cuba , north korea , nicaragua , sudan , syria , venezuela and zimbabwe holy shit look at these world powers .
[us] speaking of those  little conflicts  , or  flashpoints  that could possibly take place , it is precisely the increase in defense spending europe would have to incur with an offshore us military that would be meant to prevent those possible future conflicts before they start .
[us] i got ta say , the crazy old dude speaks so slowly and enunciates so well that i can understand him pretty well despite my meager german .
[russia] this is like a beginning of act 2 for a long play , a lot of interesting and exciting things await us  and i would agree about magnitsky as well , initially this looked like an applied pressure , which unfortunately hit a vulnerable spot of mr.magnitsky health   not that i am not feeling bad for him or his family though , its always suck to loose someone close .
[russia] having checked on wikipedia , crimea became predominantly russian not too long after 1897 by which time russians were at 33.11  whilst the tatars were 35.55  .
[russia] i appreciate your interest in history , but you forgot that before a single autocrat , the rus people fought amongst each other , tribe vs tribe and eventually things got so bad , we invited rurik and the varangians to come and rule over us and establish order .
[us] that was until i met a handful of muslim women who had chosen not to wear it before , and then chose to start doing so because they wanted to express their faith .
[us] i know it s a trope but you ca nt compare a student in california to one in new york to one in georgia .
[us] single  payer is a package of changes that allows  high quality  health care to be delivered for much less than what the us is spending .
[russia] i do nt even know what to say to this ... makes me sad to be a dual national of a country that made you .
[us] jokes and trite replies aside , i think that the main talking point for antittip folks is that it is being negotiated in private right now .
[us] he s managed to crank it up to 11 in areas unrelated to the ongoing trainwreck in ukraine , and the europeans have nt materially increased defense spending or restructuring their militaries .
[us] i think that they want a strong but not too strong currency since they are nt really selfsufficient as a country and thus need to rely on imports for some goods .
[us] look at what happened in the usa to see what they probably plan . . google  national city lines  to see how the us went from having one of the best to one of the worst public transit systems in the world in only 30 years .
[us] i have accommodations booked for the first two nights and the last night , but i still have to fill out the in between .
[us] you can complain about income inequality in usa but the lives of the poor in usa are better than even the rich of most of the world .
[russia] if you think 25  is high thats your math not mine but we can reverse 75  that are not recidivist this is pretty good for me and they have the right to be forgotten ...  which has no  right to be forgotten  laws .
[us] not unless you live in a shared household and have a support network of friends who you can share meals with and are really frugal . .
[us] over my dead body      httpwww.cataloniadirect.info201208spanishmilitarythreatenscataloniasindependenceovermydeadbody   spanish army colonel francisco alamn castro has declared on an interview to a spanish website that   catalonia s independence will be over my dead body and many others  too .
[russia] there are plenty of russian sites with anecdotes  stuff , you can probably find translated ones either , but its true that its quite difficult to transfer the play of words and context of native speakers .
[russia] last i heard this was usually the mo of the opposition to accuse putin  co edit  i posted my comment before the edit , does nt make sense anymore .
[us] if they were developed like western countries they would nt need to import their military equipment or food outside of food that obviously ca nt grow there and fish .
[us] not sure why this dude wants a confederate flag  technically it s a confederate battle flag  in his office but there s a lot more to the flag than simply saying that whitepower and other farright groups use it .
[us] eu has no problem throwing all these criticisms at serbia , but there is nt a peep about the fact that hell would freeze over before the swiss would spend even a second contemplating sanctioning russia .
[us] if they were staying true to that statement , unless troops cross into russia , there should be no concern over the use of nuclear weapons .
[russia] russia   russian airports ban liquids   even medicine   in carryon bags ahead of olympics  churchlinked printing house produces stalin calendar  star of russian  scrubs  asks putin to ban  sodomy    russian village reformer released on parole   httpen.ria.rurussia20140110186397675russianvillagereformerreleasedonparole.html    three wanted for mass murder in kabardinobalkaria   httpwww.rferl.orgcontentolympicssecurityalertsochistavropol25224857.html    russian officials allowed to buy out expensive gifts   httpen.ria.rurussia20140110186394296russianofficialsallowedtobuyoutexpensivegifts.html   russia will allocate abkhazia and south ossetia six billion rubles   133 mln euro   in three years  ukraine expects 6 bln dollar loans from russia for nuclear power industry development  ukraine is expecting 6 billion dollars in loans from russian banks for the development of the national nuclear power industry  greece , take your chance
[russia] afaik pharmaceutical industry in russian federation manufactures very limited set of drugs because it was possible to import cheap drugs from india and hitechmodern drugs from eu , japan , us , israel .
[us] if i see someone is  obviously  not from the local area  even within the us  i ll usually be friendly and talk to them .
[us] bund yields   the rate on benchmark german bunds was 0.96 percent as of 219 p.m. london time and touched a record 0.866 percent last month .
[us] we re very glib about how easy that task is ,  he says ,  both in terms of the question of identifying what things do and the costs and consequences of getting rid of stuff .   this discusses some of the recent history in the eu context .
[us] high value manufacturing probably will locate where they can find a workforce that can do the job , assuming that its a business that employs skilled people .
[russia] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikidemographicsofcrimeaethnicgroups  the last part with ukraine s willingness to join the soviet union i do not know even after checking on wikipedia , but they seemed to have profited greatly from it being the second most powerful  economically and politically  in the union with it s territory almost getting doubled .
[us] this is why i think it s now or never for a grand bargain that is balanced , but hey i m sure it looks a bit different from the other side of the pond .
[us] what happens when economies just end up completely collapsing beyond repair without spending hundreds of billions in each country just to get them to reverse course , not even fix , just reverse
[russia] but wait , according to you they do nt even exist , they re all secretly russian military out to steal your freedom , even the dead children and elderly
[us] although i am sure some proud , defiant canadian could compile a list of hundreds of ways in which they are profoundly different , i would just roll my eyes and maintain my indifference to such an irrelevant list .
[us] dempsey  france formally asks for u.s. aid in mali    httpwww.washingtontimes.comnews2013jan17dempseyfranceformallyasksforusaidinmali   the french government has formally requested u.s. military assistance to combat al qaeda in the islamic maghreb in mali , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff told the american forces press service on thursday   the role of the us air force in the french mission in mali    httpwww.atlanticcouncil.orgblogsnatosourcetheroleoftheusairforceinthefrenchmissioninmali   france s intervention in mali earlier this year  helping its former colony defend against islamic extremists  did nt get the media attention lavished on the overthrow of libyan dictator muammar qaddafi or the crisis in syria .
[russia] china and russia currently align very well because they are both usually running a foreign policy that directly conflicts with the mostly liberal and mostly democratic west , whereas russia and china are the heads of a mostly authoritarian and more repressed nations of the world .
[us] a basic costbenefit analysis of the situation indicates that other governments who committed ethnic cleansing of secessionist minorities did not suffer longterm  or even mediumterm  loss of support from the international community .
[russia] but still you can have some crazy stuff happen even in big cities  google russian march or   if you want to , the latter will yield much better results  .
[russia] and actually it look like the guy has used some really strong arguments during meeting  putin was noticeably tired in tv news  had to mumble exactly the opposite to his doctrine and to his own opinion from a day before   apparently argument was nt about watches or chocolate  and not osce stuff  .
[us] but after walking into this thread and having people compare it to fgm or rape it s pretty hard to take the other arguments seriously .
[russia] then there is the question of media in russia which spoonfeeds everyone one narrative and while very few believe it directly , most in russia will say  there is a bit of truth there even if the whole is incorrect   however the russian media is so extreme that even a little bit of it is quite too much really .
[us] you can dress up as hitler and march around , wave isis flags , whatever you want and you wo nt go to jail for it .
[us] if you do nt like what the club s rules are , you can try to change them or leave , but complaining about them when no one else shares your opinion is not constructive .
[us] they re affluent people , such as pilots making 200k , taking advantage of their position in control of critical infrastructure to exact concessions .
[russia] if true , it would be impressive that poroshenko started with 40  in september , and lost half of his voters in just 1 month .
[russia] well , yeah that s a protest , but since gay outcries is such a sacred cow in europe , does nt that makes it a state of society
[us] what that is is an attempt to stop the process of evolution of new technologies and ways to solve problems by locking in what often prove to be bad economic models at the expense of progress .
[russia] jk , but i watched a docu  western made  about the ddr and was told about efforts made by russian government to improve an image of the workers  paradise named eastern bloc .
[russia] rape  maleonmale , yup , not gay at all  used to be one of the most severe punishments among criminals , second only to death .
[russia] that reminds me an old joke about tsar peter the great who has outlawed an impalement and replaced it with hanging as the death penalty because he was hoping that russians would start to pay more attention to their heads instead of usual focus on the own ass .
[russia] not really accurate , for the last 1015 years russia uses only dubs in cinema  which mostly suck , but looks like it s not news for anyone here  with occasional vo s for tv series .
[us] same reason chinese military doctrine is now focusing on power projection directed towards limited , short  decisive wars , because they too ca nt hope to compete with america  it s allies conventionally in the pacific .
[us] luckily we do nt have some the largest fresh water reserves on the planet and luckily we ar nt friendly  decently integrated neighbors with the country that has  the  largest freshwater reserves on the planet   and only 30 million people themselves   .
[russia] if i had a daughter i d want her name to be aemilia  just the daughter , would nt be so cruel as to name my son aemilius  .
[us] they re scheduled to commission two large carriers within a decade , but hmg nearly sold one off until the libyan operation occurred and revealed just how sorely they need a viable fleet air arm if they want to project power worth a damn .
[us] a hard working culture  educated populace  western alignment  rule of law  democracy  success and if ttip gets passed , american investment will heavily flow into poland and ukraine  provided ukraine s anti corruption policy is successful
[us] seriously any eastern europeans that have trouble fitting in , in western europe , if you come to the us instead and no one will give a shit where you are from and will even think it s pretty cool no matter how poor the country be it moldova or bulgaria .
[us] because the argument i feel i presented and the point i was trying to make and what you just threw back at me and said i was trying to say are so different i m not even sure if you read my comment .
[russia] a friend of mine has participated in the war on armenian side  his platoon has shot down at least one azeri helicopter   while being a conscription soldier of russian army .
[russia] maidan showed to putin that hybrid regime can be overthrown , so he now wants to replicate  success  of north korea , and such thing requires political and economical isolation .
[russia] news about militants attacking buildings in eastern ukraine continue to  destroy stock market in russia   httptop.rbc.rueconomics07042014916269.shtml  almost daily   google.ru show special version of maps with  crimea as russian territory   httpwww.interfax.ruworld371079    1 of 2 shareholders of vkontacte social network is  demanding 10mil euro from its founder   httptop.rbc.rueconomics07042014916267.shtml   because he  spent too much  , they ve secretly  and illegally  took over his other project  telegram phone app  durov called them  oil bandits  some time ago , another shareholder  usmanov  mail.ru  is suing them for hostile takeover   journalist  shenderovich has to pay 20k euro compensation   httpslon.rufastrussiashenderovichzaplatit1mlnrubleyglavefraktsiiedinoyrossii1080612.xhtml  for  verbal offense  to one of the leaders of united russia party because he said politic stole  plagiarized  his dissertation  and he did   but also that politic is controlling courts  or whatever is left in their place  .
[us] trofim lysenko and lysenkoism , learning was so very valued that the idea of actually studying real biology and real evolutionary science got you sent to the gulag .
[russia] edit  correction  he says new invasion is inevitable , ukrainians may only make it smaller in scale by demonstrating force  khersondonetskdnepropetrovsk instead of whole ukraine sans western part  .
[us] and that , there is a lot of work yet to be done , and when i see posts that i interpret as coming from the position that there is nt , that s where i have a problem .
[russia] if it s just some random guy on the internets who reposts news from commander , another commander , his friend and basically all shit that is remotely relevant , that s completely another situation .
[us] plus jack lew should keep his mouth shut until the us has zero percent unemployment , a hefty trade surplus , and zero national debt .
[russia] apparently his entourage do not want to eat him alive now so we can see his course becoming less aggressive , he is not desperate anymore .
[russia] our constitution is okay , our laws are mostly okay , the problem is that the officials are corrupt as hell , on every level , and the rule of law is nt observed .
[us] second off , the reason i posted that article is because it does a good job of showing why this is no longer just a spat or exchange of critical remarks , but rather a sea change in us policy toward the current israeli regime .
[russia] and do nt get me wrong , anyone who supported stalin knowing full well what he was really like are burning in hell too .
[us] one could only really make an argument that they achieved that status post civil rights era in the 1960s and even most would go further and argue they have not achieved that full status today .
[us] russia ca nt do shit other than cut off fuel , but it would be suicidal for them while eu could still get by just with higher prices .
[us] otherwise , talented people  regardless of the passports they hold  will shy away from europe , to the detriment of the continent s present and future economy .
[us] capital , ideas and goods can already do this but the free movement of labor  people  lags far behind and is commonly cited as one of the reasons there still exists such a large divide between the  rich  and  poor  world .
[us] the topic of the conversation is germany having a  permanent seat  , and the person i m arguing with saying hard power should nt be necessary to having such a seat .
[russia] by georgia i m assuming the events of august 2008 when georgian troops entered and shelled south ossetia and then got their asses handed to them .
[russia] i m not even making it up , i live in moscow , and just yesterday i saw some old fart on the bus tell his very important opinion on how gorby ruined everything and how compared to him and yeltsin , putin  put the country together  .
[russia] the website , that op is promoting here , was made for only one purpose  to discredit wellknown news media   the moscow times    httpthemoscowtimes.com  .
[russia] travelling there on a car registered in moscow is a really bad idea i deliberately posted the video from tsukerova balka because these bastards search me each time i pass them  34 times on the road afterwards during like 12 hours  no matter if i  do nt  have passengers  friends or family  .
[russia] i mainly ask , because i live in russia and shit here is ridiculously disfunctional with what it feels like 2 parallel universes existing , one is power and their fucked up cloud castles  where everything is great  , the other is normal people who just wish they would fucking choked on a huge dick and die with their initiatives and new lawstaxes .
[us] they ll start a war with ukraine , but they would hesitate  think for a very long time before committing any action against a nato memberstate .
[us] the swiss , or anybody else for that matter  should think long and hard before they allow privatization or new trade agreements that dont have explicit carve outs for everything that could remotely be related to health care services . .  tisa
[us] once its been exposed , there is no reason the people of the world ca nt get together and start over a bit wiser , and approach the same situation again , but that time come up with something that is overwhelmingly positive and which speaks to the best in all of us , instead of its  doppelganger  or  evil twin  .
[us] the us takes bananasplit s advice , totally cuts off saudi arabia from any armssupportmilitary funding , as such saudi arabia starts its own nuclear program with that oil money and has nukes within a short while , other countries who do nt like saudi arabia do the same , and pretty soon we have ourselves a little nuclear arms race in the middle east .
[us] the eu is condemned to have problems getting 28 member states  maybe more in the future  to agree on things  especially the most important things .
[russia] must have met you on some controversial thread where i went through the trouble of running by each post and upvoting it  i can rarely arse myself to upvote stuff , kinda lazy like that .
[us] the only way this can happen is if the state runs out of money , which until the day that we do nt need gas , is a long way away .
[russia] and this argument  yeah the western coalition fucked up some wars and brought thugs and extremists to power , but hey , at least we did nt annex those countries
[us] it bothers me when i watch foreign news and they use english mixed in with the language when there are already words for the things they were saying in the native language .
[russia] if people do nt trust their government , elected officials , corporations , media and elites , they wo nt respond to challenges of time either , preferring  my house is on a sidelines , i want nothing to do with it , i just live here and would like to be left alone  .
[us] if maine wanted to be part of canada , it would still be illegal and ridiculous for canada to simply send troops in and take it over .
[russia] when putin s doctrine to restore ussr territory  foreign policy have failed miserably with ukraine breaking up with customs union then his own life and fortune were in grave danger because ukrainians  our  slavic brothers
[us] i just got a bit too encapsulated with not considering any other cultural impact when making the choice as all of the medical advice we came across did state there are advantages .
[russia] despite our efforts since the collapse of communism , russia clearly views nato not as a partner , but as an adversary .  in other , completely unrelated article    we have repeatedly made clear that the united states can not and will not accept any obligations that limit our ability to defend ourselves , our allies , and our partners , including where we deploy our   ballistic missile defense   capable aegis ships ,    httpfreebeacon.comnationalsecurityusrejectslatestrussianproposaltorestrictusmissiledefenses   efforts  .
[russia] it s like beign offended by retarded person  it is not his fault that he is retarded and it is not your fault that you are khokhol .
[russia] the vehicles were not  captured  , but were handed over by ukrainian soldiers who did nt want to fight their own people and have either switched sides or disbanded .
[russia] there are rumors how there were  multiple  secret  funerals in pskov after ukrainian army declared they are captured apc from pskov airborne division   httptop.rbc.ruincidents25082014944935.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1  .
[us] i do nt think there s much concern that allowing free speech on these issues is going to actually lead to huge issues with hate groups .
[us] them being on our side of the border has defined them much more solidly as part of the us than as part of canada .
[us] we just do nt know everything ,  the more we know the more we learn faster , but also , the more we realize we do nt know , too  ... we ca nt predict the future and we should always keep the inherent unpredictability of nature in mind .
[russia] another is that nato sends in  peacekeepers  into ukraine by invitation of the government , where they either wipe the rebellion out or get pushed back .
[us] sometimes it is stitched again several times , including after childbirth , hence the woman goes through repeated opening and closing procedures , further increasing and repeated both immediate and longterm risks .
[russia] then again , russia can not afford to renege on our alliances with questionable regimes , the rest of our questionable allies might start to get cold feet .
[russia] besides north korea i can not imagine any other country banning import of food  and north korea threatening with its nuclear weapons almost daily so i would nt be surprised if kremlin will start to do the same .
[russia] now we are banning food imports , which would not be so bad if  beforehand  we developed our own agricultural segment , not in august ffs .
[russia] for example many finnish pulp and paper companies have tried to invest to russia , but due to erratic local government officials , they have deemed it too risky thus preferring to invest in southern america .
[us] on the other hand , muslims make up a pretty serious percentage of many european countries , and they are often concentrated in specific urban areas .
[russia] ...  so to incite such an invasion  an outcome khodakovsky actually says the separatists do not want  russia and the  militia  have to be accused of something awful .
[russia] when i posted a  link   httpnikitskij.livejournal.com334639.html  to the article that explains the whole thing i have been told by the person i was replying to that they just do nt want to know .
[us] with some of them it seems like russian government can do no wrong even while obviously acting like giant assholes even to their own people .
[us] anyway , i m not sure that you realize that you are advocating that western values such as doing what we can to stop genocide  should be ignored .
[russia] then use phone with 2 sim cards , one for local calls in belgium via belgium operator , other for cheaper international calls by romanian prices .
[us] suddenly people care so much about a handful of jewish babies  foreskins that they want to ban a practice that jews believe is essential to making more jews
[russia] its true that you did not invaded those countries , you just slowly but surely installed nato bases closer to russia with each year , pursuing your very own concept of encirclement and containment .
[russia] possible nearest places are southeastern ukraine and transnistria region of moldova  but this is already widely covered in the media , so nothing new here  .
[russia] 10 month old kid was killed in antratsyt from a grenade launcher , person was killed in luhansk  if i remember correctly  for recording separatists on his phone , 3 road police officers were killed in donetsk few days ago , and so on  on the territory controlled by separatists that happens daily .
[russia] i do nt know if crimea could have been taken over if ukraine had nukes though ... maybe , who knows , but it would be a lot riskier .
[us] the lawmakers said the russian nuclear deployment in crimea represents the   clear , and perhaps irrevocable tearing   of the 1997 agreement between nato and russia that allowed russia to maintain a military presence within the alliance .
[russia] ukraine is nt doing any of that , corruption there is significantly higher than even russia s and their way of heading west is to tear up everything with russia , despite russia always having been a crucial trading partner .
[russia] he also said that he did nt see any corruption except for the usual  example  people trading caps and stuff for cigarettes and saying they lost the cap  , and even that was almost nonexistent .
[us] nbsp   one that might have huge implications in selfesteem  nbsp  dude seriously , i ve never met anyone who s thought twice about being circumcised , it makes 0 impact on anyone s life .
[russia] this is kind a infuriating that nothing was done to prevent any of the damage , except move russian securities  u.s bonds and stuff that was parts of russian reserves  and oligarchs money from list of possible sanctioned countries .
[us] a world with a disengaged united states is the devil we do nt know , and we provide strong reasons why it would present much greater risks and costs .
[russia] in the end someone declares that only a part of alliance won the war because they contributed the most no one saying this , read the fucking title .
[russia] as to what eu will be doing in 5 years , probably thinking really hard how to handle unemployment and social security net being a burden big enough for economies , to want to do something with itreform in some way .
[russia] there is a difference between  volunteers  going to some country to fight there  see islamic fighters from europe in middle east  and official army troops being caught  sent  to other country and subsequently destroyedkilled , this shit is way harder to sell to otherwise indifferent russian public .
[russia] not that many options  acceptable for both parties  overall , without significant consequences for one of the side  and without looking like  we fucking lostsold out to the enemy
[us] the privatization and intentional destruction of the country s public transit network was accomplished by creating a holding company ,  national city lines  , which under the cover of  privatization  bought up hundreds of municipal electric trolley systems  and then quietly destroyed them , initially replacing them with smelly  modern  diesel buses .
[russia] there s room for improvement , ignorance by itself is nt despicable , what is truly vile is apathy and lack of desire to learn .
[us] the current discussion about qe in europe has been anything but certain or forceful , and as a result business wo nt trust it as much if it does get implemented , and they certainly wo nt trust that it ll last long if for some reason inflation ticks up or germany gets too pissed off about it .
[us] in the us , it is pretty rare for white males to be uncut , so it can lead to a ton of anxiety growing up if you feel different .
[russia] or , may be some people there saw how russia welcomed crimea back and wanted some russia too  eastern ukraine is a region with heavy russian ties , it was russia just a century ago , and not all people liked ukrainization of that region  no russian in schools and universities , no russian in local governments etc.  .
[russia] sometimes , i simply love what he does on the international arena  plz read on  , the speeches he makes are those which the west has to hear .
[us] the worst part is i do nt know whether to feel bad for russians or view them as complicit since it seems they cheer his every aggressive move .
[russia] russia may not persecute tatars , but the local russoukrainian populace in crimea is now in a semiwar mode , they re jingoistic as fuck and at times like those , it s not wise to rile them .
[russia] or are you too young to remember all those books that came out after the invasion of iraq justifying it too , mere weeks later
[us] the citizens rose in protest , forcing the cancellation of bechtel s contract and replacing it with a communitycontrolled water system that is providing water more equitably and universally than before .
[us] you have to admit the spanish government is all over this scottish vote and trying to tell any group of people to shut up and keep quiet .
[russia] after explaining something 10 times to 10 people , the eleventh one with that classical association chain of  russians  vodka , putin , bears , matryoshkas , putin , bashing gays , putin , putin , putin , dictatorship , putin , drunkard , putin , stalin , gulags , putin  is really starting to annoy you .
[us] the article says that if an adult wants to wear one , that s their choice , but children do nt actually get an option .
[russia] en     httprapsinews.comnews20141002272262204.html   progress party , oppositional party associated with alexey navalny successfully completed an extremely overregulated process to register in a half of russian regions in under 6 month and now is eligible to participate in elections .
[us] but if we want ukraine to remain united , if we want ukraine to remain a single country , all the hope we have is to stay on the sidelines , play russia s game of limited warfare , and hope through enough militarycivil aid , perhaps even training missions in nato countries  even cia or covert spec ops missions in aid of ukraine , as well as the intelligence sharing that goes with it , ukraine will be able to throw off he yolk of russian occupation independently .
[russia] regarding the rest of your claims about ignoring intelligence and disappearing i may only say sorry about time you have wasted by reading various historyporn .
[russia] if that s how it happened , why does semchenko  commander of donbass , a celebrity in ukraine due to his determined resistance to the russian occupiers   say this   httpstwitter.comstateofukrainestatus505787807307419648  , as confirmed by a pretty major proukrainian twitter news source .
[us] the u.s. system has evolved around the supposition that the government is responsible for providing information , or utilizing and acting on information supplied by industry , that would suggest that a particular chemical should nt be used in commerce ,  he says .
[us] so while what you are saying might be true for germany , it is not true for the us and i m guessing a lot of other places .
[russia] i remember the fact that no proper investigation has been conducted in regards to sniper shooting and if someone were to kill  100 people i would like to know who exactly did it , how and why .
[us] this has the effect of making it so all the governments can do are things that benefit all multinational corporations and oftentimes that means they adversely effect the people .
[russia] i talk to the first days of the activists of the  right sector ,  unaunso  with all those people that in peacetime would be unlikely to find common ground .
[russia] if anything , china will seize mongolia  tonnes of resources  before it risks a conflict with the second most potent military in the world .
[russia] but why let such petty obstacles as truth and even physics come in the way of doing the right thing and exposing more crimes of the evilestest man in history of man
[russia] but we would say exactly that 1 year ago about scenario in which russia attack ukraine and destroy multiple towns and cities populated by ethnic russians .
[us] this means that they  smartly  take the absurd amount of money made from drilling offshore and redistribute it to their citizens in the form of better healthcare , infrastructure , etc.
[us] provisional application of a treaty that has entered into force  the provisional application of a treaty that has entered into force may occur when a state undertakes to give effect to the treaty obligations provisionally although its domestic procedures for ratification  accession have not yet been completed .
[russia] that s why they are happy with how things are and all they want is more rubles and not rights , because they have just enough .
[us] i do nt understand how you take such a hard stance on even acknowledging racism on a personal level yet you are calling anything and everything on a diplomatic level racist .
[us] so , obviously , the way the midwest evolved in the ethos of the history  haha , i get it , the us does nt have a history  of the us is a drastic comparison to the south .
[us] on the other hand , it s unfortunate that there is little , if any assimilation going on right now , but perhaps that s to be expected .
[russia] you guys live in your informational field , russians live in different one , in russian  west betrayed russia over and over again , thus animosity towards you grew .
[us] we americans know so little that politicians get away with making promises which are completely impossible under ustr s current fta  commitments  and under pending  agreements  , even more so .
[russia] according to konstantinov   httpwww.nr2.rucrimea431099.html   speaker of crimean parliament  in 2013 , year ago  google translate     we have our own constitution , which indicate the right to use three languages , the supreme council of crimea recognize russian as language of communication  the speaker said .
[russia] that the current neoimperialists appropriated the may victory day does nt change the fact that the date is still very important and that marching on such celebrations is not literally nazism .
[russia] ossetia is divided by mountains to north ossetia  which is part of russian federation , so citizens of north ossetia are also citizens of r.f.
[us] daaamn at the rate czech republic was growing , their gdp per capita would have been as high as the us by now if 2008 had nt happened .
[russia] generation p by viktor pelevin is the best novel about the 1990s , but oprichnik s day by vladimir sorokin was written as a parody , but now reads like a prophecy ...
[russia] there were two options  either to send troops to help our men in crimea and start fighting , or to remove us from crimea .
[russia] russians were there as well and a lot of them were killed as well , georgian leadership were stubborn and extremely corrupt  they did nt want peace either , as well as abkhazians .
[us] you have nt swayed anyone to your side with your post , and the first authors of those publications would cringe at the context you used their work .
[us] in the short term , support for israel from the west might be reduced or cut off , but in the medium and long term , israel would be rid of a violent , revanchist minority and israeli political life would be able to function more normally instead of being either directly or indirectly centered on the palestinian issue .
[us] i had thought it was the same with the mennonites  to an outsider the main difference seems to be more relaxed usage wregards to technology , which just goes to show i should nt be a theologian  , but gfs mother was never shunned and they go to her grandparents farm for holidays where all 200  members of the clan gather .
[us] true economic growth can not be achieved in africa until income from domestic capital exceeds foreign capital , sending refugees home with a european education and money made in europe could help to achieve this .
[russia] but putin know how to make surprises even though he need approximately 3 months to move tank army into attack position  force which invaded georgia in august had started moving toward the country in  spring  2008  .
[us] when i did live in the city i shopped at smaller asian food stores often too and there , the stores were usually family operations with entire families working there .
[us] whatever you think of america we are still vastly more important , relevant , powerful , and wealthy than the uk will ever see again .
[us] do you  think  it may be easier to run these  rich  countries and attain certain consensuses from the population , than a country of 350 million
[russia] if not for this alcoholic poor steppe people who by accident are the only nation capable of sending humans to space at the moment there would nt be any czechs today .
[us] many academicmost academic articles such as this are behind paywalls , usually around  35 for a download , or usually available for college students who attend a university that has access to all these journals .
[us] we also have another large group of anabaptists called the hutterites that live in the uppermidwest , so many that german  well , a  kind  of german  is the second most commonly spoken language in the dakotas after english .
[us] so if you are concerned about ebola getting into your city , you should make irish , japanese , and mexican people be subjected to proving they do nt have ebola so you do nt offend the sensabilities of africans  ... even though ebola is non existent those countries , and it is ravaging african countries
[us] however , that fear is useful politically , as it is in most countries , to maintain support for the government by pointing to the boogieman outside the gates .
[us] the people , including former slaves , of the south then paid the price of rebellion for decades and it burned a deep hatred in many of them .
[russia] if i offended you , i apologize , this was not my intention  if i read between lines a little too much , i apologize as well , force of habit to look at things through different perspectiveprism .
[russia] i would like to hear what are they planning to do with all the oligarchs who control  80  of their economies though , i have not heard  anything  about them from euromaidan activists , but they seem to me as an  elephant in the room  .
[russia] basically civilian  refugees  with hidden cameras or something along the lines , there is plenty of spy tech out there and plenty of  covers  such as being refugee , journalist , aid worker , doctor , being lost etc etc etc.
[russia] us does nt even need external help with recession anymore , it s quite likely that the next fiscal quarter will be recessionary too , which makes it an official event .
[us] ultimately , the goal is to make european healthcare as profitable  and the ftas  make any change towards  liberalisation   privatization  irreversible . .   httpsweb.archive.orgweb20140329000158httpboell.orgdownloadshbsttip2.pdf  but , nobody here in the us realizes that , which is what they want .
[us] it is my understanding that afghanistan has been muslim for ages and women were treated well and continued to get more rights up until the taliban took over .
[russia] i simply said that the ussr was more complex than the reaganfed propaganda land of gulags and bread lines you seem to think it was .
[us] classic country would be stuff like  hank williams   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvtcigqwdwwag  ,  merle haggard   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvffhcglf0xdw  ,  johnny cash   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvexve40nngm  ,  marty robbins   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvry3db0wlh4  ,  loretta lynn   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvf9ehp7jjgq8  , etc.
[russia] it s a wellqualified statement  i do nt take the russian propaganda that ukrainian gov  t is all fascists , but i do nt ignore the few fascists that are in fact there either .
[russia] translation   i , of course , despise my fatherland from head to toe  but i feel pity , if a foreigner shares with me this feeling .
[us] but of course they can not say that , so all of the ways they do the things they do are based on gats .
[us] these countries do nt agree on much of anything as it is , and the big three  russia , india , china  all consider each other as rivals and potential threats .
[russia] i assume it reads more ... sensational when the quote is not sourced properly so it appears like it was in the russian article when it is actually words of some dumbass from fp .
[us] also , i would hope we would ve civilized enough to entertain the idea of secession as well as the uk did with the scottish referendum .
[russia] i am also very much against the laws he signed regarding adoption cause that really destroys the opportunity for orphans to live a better life  even if its outside of rf  .
[russia] in reality kiev was a centre of russian political power  not ukranian  , and at some point the capital and the elites have moved from kiev to moscow .
[russia] outrage is a wrong word but you know that i m talking about things like httpswww.youtube.comwatchvksfhlrfxoe4  others may identify themselves with christianity but typically do nt visit church , do nt know rituals and if you ask them if they pray many would laugh and say no that still means they re likely to listen to patriarch rather than some progressive speakers .
[russia] they are definitely joining  armenia   formally without karabakh  informally there is no actual state border between armenia and karabakh so it will be in eurasian union defacto  .
[us] the usa certainly is nt as diverse as  europe   comparing a continent to a country is idiotic anyway  , but you seem to have some pretty ignorant ideas about regional differences in the usa .
[russia] guy says           translation   national socialistic theme  sometimes in some people it shows through bbc translation   national socialistic themes are popular amongst some of us and so on .
[russia] i do nt care about us as long as they are not going to create and maintain 4 wars within european geographical borders  as rufed did in georgia , azerbaijan , moldova , ukraine  .
[russia] i m leaving the country in few weeks  problem is my plan included ukraine to get visas to other countries  i can not get them in moscow due to my  non citizen  status  and it seems the country may be in a war in couple weeks .
[us] but we have something those people will never have  sense of honor and duty     spanish military association wants  declaration of war  against separatist catalonia    httpglobaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com201210spanishmilitaryassociationwants.html   the ame , a spanish military organization says in an interview on dutch tv   in the event of tampering or separatism   the military should act .
[us] i ve heard this argument before , that mexican food ca nt be american , usually by either anglos who are nt from here or mexican nationals who also are nt from here .
[russia] number killed in 2013 turkey riots  11 number killed during occupy wall street  total    in the us   worldwide  32 number killed in bronze soldier estonia riots  1 number killed in kiev  3  so , worse than estonia , but still some ways to catch up with turkey and the us .
[us] i would say as long as you are nt causing trouble and you are working , it s not going to cause any problems at all , but i admittedly have no personal experience in this kind of matter .
[us] how is having a party with no power like communists or something any different than having a few people inside of a big party who have fringe beliefs
[russia] you can call it  battle for ukraine  if you want and this was round 1 , which is ending with crimean referendum  if things would go as everyone thinks they would , we ll have a russian crimea and a somewhat defused situation  .
[russia] russia does it to the separatists in chechnya chechen  separatists  intentionally committed  criminal acts intended or calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public  against russian civilians , hence they are terrorists .
[us] walked out after paying like 5 pounds or something since i m not a uk citizen  like an admin fee or something , but i m not even sure that i paid anything to be honest  .
[us] i do nt speak for all americans , but i do because of my interest in the greater world , especially in areas that are relatively similar  both in development and in general values  .
[russia] if you want to be taken seriously do something usefull , dressing yourself like a mutated halfnaked rooster and playing on the people s nerves barely counts , no
[us] to appease putin would be setting a precedent of justified invasions  annexations in europe , of  de facto  allowing russia to annex countries which consider eu membership to shore up their eurasian union .
[us] it does nt matter what we want , and it s not that we do nt want to help , but it does matter that we ve taken the leadership role a number of times during this crisis .
[us] the units are wrong for the nuclear powerplant , the true capacity is 7.9  gw  , 7.9 mw is a pretty pathetic output for anything claiming to be the world largest nuclear powerplant .
[us] obviously france is a very large and powerful country , and many of the french people i know working here in the states are awesome and very sharp .
[us] this is a good reference on us healthcare in comparative perspective  to other developed countries in particularly   lifespan science  . . basically , people in the us have less access to affordable health care than people in most other developed countries .
[us] the chinese have nt built up an economy that rivals anything in the west in scale or increasingly sophistication by being soft or stupid .
[us] sometimes you make more money by spending cheap borrowed money today that leads to positive returns on the investment in the future that outperforms the tiny amount of interest .
[us] there  is no such thing as a public option that would save money   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvdwbzz070mk  or do anything other than fail given the dozen or so other constraints wich have been put into place  to pick the most obvious one , the promise from ftas and again , from their enablers in us government that under every and all conditions insurance companies would be preserved and not only that , continue to be immensely profitable
[us] the us does nt have the social stigma against roma so its not even racist to have a roma guy doing black magic or whatever because in the us most people do nt even know what a roma is .
[russia] all that i m talking about is either my personal experience or experience of those of my friendsacquaintances whom i can trust in that .
[russia] it s a small and probably poor village , the guy himself most likely is nt involved in any corruption scheme so he is nt protected by usual  code  .
[russia] we are talking about  some  estonians collaborating with nazi , gladly serving not just in army but in freaking ss squads  and feeling  nothing wrong  with it even today .
[us] i know this may blow some people s minds , but you can legally own just about all of the firearms we can in most of europe  the uk is an exception  , you just need to meet more requirements than we do .
[russia] ukrainians will need to find new buyers for their icbms   ukrainian authorities  deported russian extremist   httptop.rbc.ruincidents30032014914385.shtml  who was used by fsb to create unrest in odessa   minister of foreign affairs  lavrov  says  ukrainian  right sector  protesters coordinated snipers on maidan to shoot other protesters   httptop.rbc.rusociety30032014914396.shtml    central bank spent  26  billions during march to stabilize rouble   all reserves from russian  pension fund will be spent on crimea   httptop.rbc.rueconomics27032014913814.shtml   so far this is the best anticrimean  rumor    economy goes down the drain as even semioptimistic prognosis by the government says there will be  1.8  recession during this year   httpwww.bfm.runews252438doctypenews  .
[russia] may be because there happens to be completely different economical situation , and eucanada deal ca nt negatively affect uscanada trade or harm us economics
[russia] i am no expert on hungary , but even a casual glance at statistics would refute , for example , the claim that orban is wrecking the economy  httpwww.tradingeconomics.comhungarygdpgrowth that hungary stagnated in the 2000s  at least relative to other cee countries  is true enough , but that was under the socialists i.e.
[russia] it s difficult not to use  countryinvading nation  term for a country which is involved into 4  military conflicts during just 23 years since its creation  georgia , moldova , ukraine , civil wars in caucasus region  .
[us] people here think  soccer  is boring as all fuck , but that s just because they re watching guys kick around a ball and never scoring .
[us] i admit i hate the actions that russia has been doing , but treating russia and especially the russian people like they are animals is crazy and wrong .
[us] when they re most likely to be used is in limited circumstances contained to the battlefield , giving everybody a lot of time to think before escalating into mutually assured destruction   if it does nt escalate immediately ... one russian tactical nuke responded too with one american tactical nuke can snowball pretty quickly ... but still slower than jumping straight to icbms   .
[russia] does nt matter if the shellings killed hundreds of civilians , ukrainian army is the good guy , the russians are the bad guys , they re literally holding a gun to the head of the ukrainian artillery captains .
[us] and you write   i think i stayed pretty polite and actually did my best to explain myself well , if you think that there is no problem in the following statements of yours with either a. politeness or b. accuracy , than as i said  i m not going to reply to you again .
[russia] i do nt speak ukrainian , so i ca nt really comment on your source , but what i would like to see is an unbiased source for investigation  preferably european  .
[russia] about ten or so years ago moscow cops stopped mentioning nationality in the annual statistic reports , because immigrants from  stans and caucasus region were overwhelming champions in field of rapes and street assaults .
[us] i am more of a realist than a liberal , and the realist position is spelled out in the article i sent your way , about the proper role of the us in the world .
[us] it s certainly tough in today s economy , especially so since most public universities have had their funding cut by the conservatives in state and federal governments .
[us] after all , long range connections are essential to have a semblance of a functional grid with renewables , and it s those connections that will fail .
[us] i m going to go out on a limb and say that it s the lack of advertising and a lack of cultural prestige which account for why portugal scores so low .
[us] they are usually not adopted off  they are put into a truly horrible foster care system until the day they turn 18 and then they are on their own .
[russia] of course , the poll also noted that most of eastern ukrainians still want to be a part of ukraine , and i m fine with that .
[us] this ttip energy deal could very easily turn into a nightmare for hundreds of thousands or perhaps even millions of urban americans  ironically , the americans who use the least energy .
[russia] but it seems nobody but russians believe in it , caucasians are revolting and fsb is killing them daily  kremlin pay multibillion annual bribe  or tribute  to chechnya to stay within rufed borders since rufed had lost two wars to them .
[russia] they re usually very bitter about breakup of the soviet union , and tend to be stuck in 90 s about their perception of russia .
[us] the swedish academy is viewed as a stuffy remnant of old europe   httpwww.slate.comarticlesartsculturebox200810nobelgas.html  who thinks that european literature is worthy of more awards than the entire rest of humanity combined .
[russia] land to station troops , bases , fortifications , build airports and all the other stuff , that countries prepare in case of war  which is exactly what  time  means in this context  .
[russia] btw , i am not defending possible russia s actions in eastern ukraine and overall think that all this  is one big , ugly mess , which will have unforseen consequences for all parties involved .
[russia] in a game of civ when you go to war with another country with which you have a trading agreement , you immediately loose the resources you were trading with thus penalty is  immediately  effective .
[russia] even kp.ru  the prokremlin beacon of vatniks   whined yesterday   httpwww.kp.rudaily26303.73181020  that the tough times have come blahblah and russians are losing their courage and patriotic mood seeing growing prices .
[russia] he certainly has more to gain from it , because as usual everybody takes even the slightest hint of a rumor from them at face value without a second thought .
[russia] forming coherent foreign policy and building a strong economynation is hard and requires a lot of effort , living off  the pipe  is way simpler and requires less work  brings more money for their pockets .
[us] the us helped rebuild europe after wwii , the us overthrew leaders who tried to socialize private businesses in latin america , we park our navy between china and taiwan , we have troops in south korea , japan , germany , saudi arabia , etc.
[us] in their sept. 23 letter to the president , mckeon , rep. mike rogers   r. , ala.   , chairman of the subcommittee on strategic forces , and rep. michael turner   r. , ohio   , chairman of the subcommittee on tactical air and land forces , noted russia s violation of the 1987 intermediaterange nuclear forces treaty by building a banned cruise missile .
[us] in the precrisis years , the 15 countries that adopted the euro currency exhibited , on average , a net loss of around 120,000 postsecondaryeducated workers each year .
[us] httpwww.nytimes.com19930328magazinethesecretofasiberianriverbank.htmlpagewantedall the guy who managed the cover up of the bodies surfacing after the flood in the 1970s is now in the russian duma .
[us] the richest 70 members of china s legislature added more to their wealth last year than the combined net worth of all 535 members of the u.s. congress , the president and his cabinet , and the nine supreme court justices .
[russia] btw , why do you like to assume with that condescending tone of yours that i do nt know the basic history or banned on wikipedia or something
[russia] as one of my old friends said yesterday after i ve asked him if he is going to leave the country   in 90s we ve seen rouble exchange rate dropped by thousands percents , there were multiple defaults , in 80s there were empty shops and 1kg of sugar per month per person limit  we can easily survive anything  .
[russia] i grew up in russian information field , vast majority of it consisted at the time of shitting on our history , disregarding any achievements and basically saying everything is bad and we should feel bad .
[us] critics say obama administration arms control officials at the state department and pentagon are using the informal nuclear talks as groundwork for future tactical nuclear arms cuts .
[us] void if they adversely effect the property interests in the state of affairs at the time of the ftas signing or the standstill date in it , which in the case of tisa is i think gat s understanding of committments in financial services or gats , in 1998 or 1995 .
[russia] i find merkel s present very amusing , but it is nt serious at all , at least not in the manner that the some of the childish comments of this thread suggest .
[us] unfortunately the natives did nt really build anything that was nt made of wood or natural fibers , so it s all lost to time .
[us] and it is nt about thinking a circumcised penis looks weird , its about the person not having a say in what happens to their body .
[us] anyone capable of overwhelming our conventional forces and threatening us sovereignty are nt going to stopped by conscript infantry , they re going to be stopped by a massive nuclear arsenal .
[us] she was a proud valenciana catalan , no doubt , but i think anyone would get annoyed when people make fun of your country when you are nt in it .
[us] people should know that if you have even a fairly common pair of  high power  binoculars or a good spotting scope , or a long lens for your camera   400 mm   with a tripod ,  you can actually see the shape of the iss   you can see what it is , if you catch it shortly before sunrise or shortly after sunset .
[russia] hundreds of people are gon na die in the next two days just so he can have a little better negotiating position in minsk .
[russia] western companies never really managed to penetrate the japanese of korean markets but they managed to penetrate , singapore and malaysia markets korean and japanese market are hard to enter for the simple reason that  chaebols   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikichaebol  and  kereitsu   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikikeiretsu  are dominating the korean and the japanese market coupled with heavy protectionism on keys sectors .
[us] publication of a research article in a peerreviewed scientific journal does not mean that the research has been accepted as valid by the scientific community and that it should be considered reliable for regulatory purposes ,  argued members of the center for regulatory effectiveness  cre  in correspondence published in the january 2004 issue of ehp .
[us] a greater focus on conflict prevention , as sweden took the initiative for talks with russia on their supposed curiosity , had been national security more strategically .
[us] well , we had that riot in france in which they burned synogogues and jewish stores , the neonazis chants during  antiisrael  protests in germany , the hitler salutes in the uk , and the assault and ethnic slur of a jewish american by a student  for justice in palestine  .
[russia] i am not talking about ukrainian military towing remnants of columns anywhere , i am talking about traveling to the place of engagement , while filming the process .
[us] britain being without power for a year or two would likely be apocalyptic , but honestly i think the safest place to ride it out would be a nuclear control room .
[russia] china dont have such interlocked companies outside the state plus chinese are definitely aiming for profits not market share.the japanese and korean system may look good but in the long run that kind of system destroy littles companies and entrepreneurship in japan and korea  may lead to a  lost decade   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilostdecade  japan  in the case of japan .
[russia] except for one thing  nazi germany will not be restored  unlike neoussr which was nt actually defeated , it just took 20 years break to privatize country .
[russia] this is my  personal opinion that i got from watching stuff that i could hear first hand  , euromaidan was russophobic in its core and as soon as they got into power in a coup , the very first things they wanted to do only confirmed my views .
[us] this failure of transformers , could in some cases , potentially lead to failure of the cooling systems which are used at nuclear reactor sites to contain spent fuel , which still generates huge amounts of heat .
[us] his comments , made in a public speech , copies of which were distributed to journalists , saw him called in by the defence minister , jos bono , and placed under house arrest until he can be formally dismissed at a cabinet meeting on friday .
[us] you can have the biggest air force on the planet , it does nt mean anything if you do nt have the parts to keep them flying .
[russia] in terms of propaganda , i would say for a noninternet user pretty hard , everything is state controlled , state owned or heavily influenced .
[us] the soviet union was spending an  enourmous  amount of its gdp on competing with the us , and that plus many other factors led directly to its downfall and countries like eastern germany and bulgaria and the rest of the soviet bloc dissolving and the russians  going home  .
[us] i think that we have to look at most of the big economic indicators to get a more complete picture of the health of an economy .
[russia] in the same breath you outright deny crimes against humanity in defense of a system that would murder you and your family if you got in the way of a serious profit , and then claim to have humanity s best interests at heart
[russia] i mean , you are obviously correct , it s bullshit that countries can do that , but that s how us rolls and that s how ussr used to roll .
[russia] lomonosov moscow state university and the moscow state engineering physics institute and the moscow institute of physics and technology all rank in the top 100 universities of the world for the physical sciences , and lmsu ranks again in the top 100 for engineering and technology .
[russia] invisible hand of the market was quite a popular term from russian liberals constantly declared during 90s and early 00s as  the way to go  .
[us] just a semantic difference at most  i know that it s surgery , but it is outpatient and one of the most common surgery performed in the us .
[us] yes and the poor countries get threatened with not receiving money from eu meanwhile nothing happens to rich countries that break rules that make matters worse for everyone .
[russia] if fsbsvr operatives are at fault here , they would be quietly discharged from the serviceget a severe stern letter and possibly start something like a private security agency or something of the sorts ,  honorable retirement  so to speak .
[russia] not much room for political maneuvering in russia s current state , we are  almost  in the corner looking angrily at everyone around us , wondering what next .
[us] you have what seems like very arbitrary stances on racism , i feel like i m walking a minefield with you to avoid the racist tag .
[russia] i will not delve into this topic , but there are two  inconvenient  facts that are not mentioned by those who use this tragedy as a means to black smear russia  first , russians died in millions too because of that famine , not only ukrainians  second , hundreds of thousands tons of food and grain were send as a help to starving regions by  monster  stalin .
[us] yeah , sometimes i post things which is actually a cute shorthand for what i mean , and i can really see how that would be misinterpreted , because how are others supposed to know where i m coming from
[russia] maybe you re polish and you think the sanctions are a good idea , but i live in the us now and us already entered pretty sharp negative growth , give one more fiscal quarter and it s a recession .
[us] here s a link to one of his talks   john mearsheimer , 2013 , us army war college strategy conference keynote speaker   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvv3m3rxzjsfu  here s also a link to a debate he recently had on  of all places  russia today httpswww.youtube.comwatchvs9674prbm6g
[us] excerpt from httpttip2014.eublogdetailblogttip20jobs.html ... schwarzer also points to a recent review of ttip studies by the european parliamentary research service  httpwww.europarl.europa.euregdataetudesetudesjoin2014528798ipoljoinet  2014  528798en . pdf  which states  the regulatory core of ttip makes it extremely difficult for economists to come to grips with the expected economic meaning of the negotiation outcomes .
[russia] vkontacte was coowned by its founder   durov   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipaveldurov   and  kremlinfriendly  oligarch   usmanov   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikialisherusmanov   for a long time   unfriendly oligarchs  are either dead of expelled from the country  .
[us] not to mention we re a  net oilproduct exporter   httpwww.bloomberg.comnews20120229uswasnetoilproductexporterin2011.html  , exporting more gasoline , diesel and other fuels than we import   refineries  such , especially in relation to oil from canada   .
[russia] having read the article , according to it most of visitors  journalists , organizer is a typical regime supporter  probably with grants from russian state or something along the lines of ties with united russia  , facebook likes is a known trash indicator which can be easily bought  and russians use vkontakte anyway which is now oligarch controlled  .
[us] last time i booked an international flight i used british airways avios  they are pretty good and you can use them to book non ba flights via the star alliance or one world alliance or whatever scifi faction they belong to .
[russia] without west ukraine is pretty much doomed to stuff like default and everything that comes after that  hence you will be paying the bill in dozens of billions   .
[russia] trade is very global these days , i chuckle whenever the us rightwingers moan and scaremonger about china  owning  us when in reality , china depends on the us a lot more than us depends on china .
[us] the closest thing we have to a railway is our train tracks ... we are building just a streetcar in downtown cincinnati and even that little thing is facing huge opposition because of  costs  we even got a bunch of money from the federal government for it and we re still bitching .
[us] europe will exploit the situation as much as it can , especially germany , which stands to gain the most from a proeurope baltic reorientation .
[russia] note  i am familiar with sochi  spent 10 years there  and somehow i m sure militants who attacked the girls  so called  cossacks   are nt locals  these are  imported  from krasnodar and stavropol regions by kremlin administration to boost  security  during olympics i.e.
[russia] seeing how there was nt an effective alternative to putin before and even if there would be one now , putin would trample them with more advertising and smear campaigns , so as an end result neither is there anyone worthwhile to be considered a replacement for putin today .
[russia] hence , most of russians , who have no access to western media nor involved into liberal community , basically living in virtual reality .
[us] things have gotten a bit better than that but it just takes time , newer generations and cultural mixing in general , which is always going to be bumpy at first .
[us] large sunspots  however , a day or so after the light reached us the charged particles would reach us and major havok would ensue around the globe as all long wires became energized by extremely powerful emf .
[us] this sounds to me like the old tarbaby briar patch routine . . you can bet whatever they have cooked up is just as bad without it as with .
[us] this is a great system as it allows people who might have fucked around in high school until they got to their sr year and did nt graduate with a 3.0 gpa .
[us] so , we need to only build nuclear power plants that do not have this problem , from now on , and we need to figure out ways to address this problem with the ones we do .
[russia] since the end of february 2014 , demonstrations by prorussian , ultranationalist ,  53   54   55  and antigovernment groups have taken place in major cities across the eastern and southern regions of ukraine , in the aftermath of the euromaidan movement .
[russia] to the contrary ,  umathras must be given credit for being one of  reurope s most honest commentators , at least so far as its rabid russophobia is concerned .
[us] this is an extremely important concept ,  see russian critiques of all previous leaders yeltsin , gorbachev , brezhnev , khrushchev  the idea that russia is threatened by compromises with the west .
[us] safety is kind of a moot point when talking about american tourism because portugal and greece are both quite a bit safer than the us .
[russia] a few years ago i ve participated in a contest in moscow and i noticed the team from kazan did nt compare their city to moscow but with russia and so i thought they do nt even consider themselves living in russia .
[us] but im not saying it is completely wrong i m just curious , it seems as though your statement is lacking the part that starts  however . .
[us] i remember seeing a chart of how satisfied chinese tourists were after their vacations and i believe new zealand and australia were  1 and  2 and the us was  3 at being most satisfied .
[us] i do nt really see any reason why europe should or should nt increase economic ties with china though , if only because the eu is nt tied down with alliances  significant interests in the pacific like we are .
[russia] russia is not mobilizing to conquer the world , and is nt interested in anything other than security in its own sphere of influence .
[russia] european sanctions are a long list of bullshit , everyone knows what will hurt russia the most and yet they re not being implemented  so far , at least  .
[us] the problem is , suppose those 700,000 jobs had not vanished , instead of going into bankruptcy , those 700,000 workers would have been able to send 1.6 million of their children to college .
[russia] i m from samara and we did nt have any arthodox  activists  messing in our city , it s just the artists were discouraged from visiting us by their previous experience in russia .
[us] you are coming off like an ignorant yokel talking about spitting on your grandma just because you do nt kill every german you see on sight .
[us] gop s platform the the past few decades is cut taxes and rile people up about gays or blacks or immigrants or whoever that is nt old white guys .
[russia] lastly , if berkut or internal forces during euromaidan were to shoot at protesting babushkas who stood before them , you could accuse euromaidan in using human shields as well , because they stood between protesters and internal forces  even if it was metaphorically speaking  .
[us] i would nt say that a large part is due to people dropping out  u4  which includes discouraged workers  is still only 6.4  vs u3  headline  which is at 5.9  for the us .
[us] i ll save it for when i  eventually  reach a point in dutch at which i feel fluent enough to start on another language .
[russia] perhaps this is exactly that is happening right now  government is giving up the country to reform it , like it happened with ussr .
[us] 2 out of 3 countries responsible for the mismanagement of the eurozone are countries not even belonging to the eurozone ... you re a real smart guy .
[us] that means that a very low level of some toxicant can and often does render people completely unable to work in the workplace of the 21st century .
[russia] either there was nt anything or they are saboteurs themselves or they are simply clueless    russian troops are still at the ukrainian border   httptop.rbc.rupolitics29052014927058.shtml  despite putin s promises to move them away   recent train wreck with 6 fatalities was a result of common practice when  repair groups do nt notify train drivers about ongoing repairs   httptop.rbc.rusociety29052014927113.shtml  of railroad because it may result in lower payouts .
[russia] a huge pie with different fillings , like sturgeon , mushrooms , buckwheat and eggs , laid out in such a way that every bite is different .
[russia] you ca nt just come here and write something , first you ll need to apologize  that you re russian  second you ll need to apologize for stalin  then you ll need to apologize for all your ancestors starting from times of peter the great  then you ll need to apologize for all your fellow countryman being ignorant jerks  then you ll need to acknowledge everything bad russia did in it s history , one issue at a time , apologizing directly to all involved parties  which are usually poland and baltic states so you ll better learn all of those with their corresponding capitals and names of all presidents , but sometimes really weird and exotic countries appear   then you ll need to apologize for random shit they ll throw at you in totally unpredictable manner , which is actually the most difficult part .
[russia] ntv   httpt.co0cyrqkxz4o   claim that the badge was taken from dead attacker  clearly it contradicts to the fact that no dead bodies of attackers were found .
[russia] eventually  moving trade to the eu is a good idea , but at this current moment , trade ties with russia have to be strengthened , not weakened .
[us] this is an example of an essay on the 2005 ftaa fta  obama s trade policy is just as broken or even arguably  more broken than bush s  httpwww.policyalternatives.casitesdefaultfilesuploadspublicationsnationalofficepubs2005divideandconquer.pdf
[russia] in terms of where to go , its way harder since no one seems to realize to what type of world we are heading into , thus developing a coherent policy without knowing end game or any of the strategic objectives becomes quite difficult .
[us] because there is more to life than  hedonism   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikihedonism  and i repudiate the notion that  if it  feels  good , then it  is  good  .
[russia] quoting  u   maxiking  comment   inferior human beings german nazis used a word  subhumans   like  u   maxiking  did  to define a position of eastern slavs in the human hierarchy .
[us] i only had to pay  10 of nonpoints to book the entire roundtrip ticket ... that s weird that they d charge you 100k points and then also charge you for fees .
[russia] when you do the math , ask yourself what would the  real war  look like with full blown russian military invasion  with air support  , with precision missiles , navy , satellites and so on , not artillery barrages and ambushes from  green line   forests , tall grass and so on  .
[us] what that effort would be like ,  similar to the effort of full us retrenchment  has not yet been describedthought of , as today it seems so unlikely it s not yet worth the effortprescient enough to study .
[us] turkey uses its membership in nato for leverage , and believes  with making some good pointssome bad points  it has the right to do so .
[us] this is especially critical if the gats terms will be the basis for commitments in an isa , as the gats national treatment provisions require not only equal treatment , but also specify that   f  ormally identical or formally different treatment shall be considered to be less favourable if it modifies the conditions of competition in favour of services or service suppliers of the member compared to like services or service suppliers of any other member .  2 a limitless number of facially neutral regulatory policies , designed with no intent to discriminate , could alter the conditions of competition based on the business decisions of foreign firms .
[russia] i do nt know about saint petersburg itself but somehow its region is the lastworst with the fertility rate of 1.227 , while moscow is only the next to the worst with the rate of 1.328 .
[russia] i do nt see russians calling for the invasion of germany and the us , to put a stop to regimes that wo nt cease funding and instigating coups in unstable countries .
[us] and as far as i m aware , the us did nt join the un with the understanding that it ll contribute to a common defense .
[us] poor people must get less , rich people must get more or be able to opt out and take their money away leaving the system to collapse on itself .
[russia] russia    russian opposition activist faces new assault charges   httpen.ria.rurussia20140113186490232russsianoppositionactivistfacesnewassaultcharges.html   russia says latvia sprats contain high levels of carcinogens   russia suspends sales of sprats produced by latvian firm   russia s defense tsar wants  optimistic news factory    httpen.ria.rurussia20140114186518394russiasdefensetsarwantsoptimisticnewsfactory.html   the russian defense industry will create its own  news factory  to offset the  russophobic  produce of stateowned television channels , a senior official said .
[us] coffee was brewed  turkish style  , which means that boiling water was poured onto the coarselyground coffee , and this custom is still practised here and there .
[russia] in fact , most postsoviet countries are , with the exception of the baltic states , russia and oddly enough , belarus  i guess stability got them through longterm , even if they are nt heading anywhere in particular  .
[russia] if the welltrained us navy an mistake an a300 for an f14 with their sophisticated radar aboard a massive cruiser , then i think it is very easy to understand how rebels in ukraine would make a similar mistake , except that the flight they mistook was off course and the passenger airplane was confused for transport airplane , which is nt as bad as confusing a passenger airplane for a fighter jet .
[russia] it say these war games are the answer to  planned  nato wargames in ukraine , these are extremely big  400 mechanized units including fighter jets and icbm carriers  and their theme is to hide from satellites , to avoid attacks of fighter jets which use high precision weapons  e.g.
[us] it worked well in the us because the fed took a  take no prisoners  approach to qe , and pumped in hundreds of billions of dollars and threatened to do it as long as necessary until things turned around .
[russia] there are plenty of  such sniper tapes   httpordua.com20140224peregovoryalfy  that link snipers to the yanukovich s forces with certainty , but of course you prefer to believe taped secondhand hearsay of a estonian minister .
[russia] you can start going full windgeo thermalsolar , buy raw materials from africa  where you will meet china s needs and demands  and transport it via ships , but this will simply cost you more ,  otherwise you would already be doing that  .
[russia] no one  important  gives a shit about a russian or his opinion , so russians in return do nt give a shit about anything at all .
[russia] its hard for me to give an explanation what  might  is happening in a number of russian citizen heads , why they think that way and how did it come to this .
[us] we ve been misled by a group of people who are attempting to create the illusion of consent and illusion of democracy but in fact they are trying to mislead all of us and literally hijack our health and futures in a direction that few of us want , besides huge , unaccountable corporate interests whose only argument is that they have a lot of money to throw at politicians , which they do .
[us] i agree , that is not great , however our economy is growing , we borrow at super low rates , and our deficit is shrinking every year .
[us] in the same neighborhood in chicago you can grow up to be the president of the united states , or gunned down in the gutter by a rival gang .
[us] that we feel warrant regulatory agency consideration .  the precautionary approach in the united states has been further stalled by a modest rider added to a congressional spending bill in 2001  two sentences with no official name but known alternately as the information quality act or the data quality act .
[us] spanish army chief arrested after threatening uprising    httpwww.theguardian.comworld2006jan09spain.gilestremlett    military could intervene in catalonia , says general   speech says charter seen as threat to national unity  a spanish army general was under house arrest yesterday and awaiting dismissal after saying that the military might step in to halt plans for greater autonomy for the wealthy eastern region of catalonia .
[russia] to make things even worse , i see no coherent longterm strategical thinking of how to lessen our dependence on western technology and imports overall , the only thing i hear is  we hope that sanctions will be lifted and oil go up  .
[russia] you see , the difference between you and me is that i see the ukrainian gov  t as mostly a moderate gov  t with a few svoboda baddies , but alas , no real representation of the east , so not quite legal   use   edit  yet .
[us] it s hard to envision how the brits could justify sitting at the big boys table at the un without a american bankrolled nuclear deterrent .
[russia] example  kazakhstan devalued currency by 20  in a single day in january , russia devalued currency by 15  during 2 months  and drop continues  .
[us] ie , take away special pay , layoff as many people as possible , the creation of a part time work force that is not allowed to work more thatn 28 hours a week at min wage with no benifits , and more .
[us] if you do nt want companies to know stuff about you , do nt use   reddit     amazon     spotify     ebay     fedex     the internet   credit cards .
[russia] kremlin already said  1 million population  for far east and somehow i am sure these wo nt be migrants from moscow or spb and surely actual number will be much higher than official .
[russia] there were weak parts initially such as restrictions for putin s inner circle etc , its uncomfortable for them , but nothing too critical , world is a big place .
[us] i think though that the us manufacturing industry tends to sell to us clients  think oil and gas , cars , windmills , airplanes , military , etc  so the rise in currency wo nt have a net effect on domestic demand .
[russia] things are complicated here and our current mental image reminds me of america in early iraq invasion  silence of opposing views via thuggery methods is also a thing , because russia    .
[us] that said i think it s too little , too late and much of american youth has been very unhappy with religious institutions in america .
[us] it was a reference to holodomor and throwing that evil label on anyone that needed all of their possessions stripped of them and killed .
[russia] there are hundreds of threads , some made by the op which drive up the antirussia jerk on reddit until the top replies are all variations of  fuck russia   funny because if something like this comes up in regards to america , people are always quick to point out the difference between us gov  t and the us people .
[us] here in norway , you pay a small sum remind me again how much norwegians pay in taxes , and how much a beer costs in oslo
[us] it s never been cheaper for euroarea governments or individuals to borrow money and the ecb is seeking to put cash into the economy through cheap loans to banks and a pledge to buy assetbacked securities .
[russia] however , if you ve ever seen a radar installation , you d know how hard it is to tell with an untrained eye what those blips mean .
[russia] propaganda or not , but , say , riga was way better than moscow in the late 80s when it comes to food and basic goods .
[russia] the economic situation in europe today is in many ways the direct result of those practices , and some of them are  still  being used against the global south to this day .
[russia] you ask question as if you were talking about real state and real government created by people for people instead of gang of confused crooks who inherited quasiempire  quasicountry from a group of conspirators which destroyed ussr to privatize and ransack its natural resources .
[russia] instead of directly oppressing opposition , you just make sure that it s voice is not loud enough , that correct  agenda  is  furthered  strong enough .
[us] nobody in nato wants a large scale military conflict , not in the heels of a slow economic recovery , and russia knows this makes this the perfect time to test their imagined operating boundaries .
[us] chavez was leading an independent energy policy , selling to china , talking about unification of south america in a new politicaleconomic bloc ... and chavez was also nowhere near establishing a significant bloc .
[russia] spending money on referendum is pointless , i d be happy to part with the territory without wasting any more billions    on them  except for very high fence with machine gun turrets on top , tanks and artillery around .
[us] come over to  riwantout , it s a pretty helpful sub and you can lurk and see if any of the situations apply to you , or ask around and generally receive some pretty helpful advice .
[us] the point is crystal clear  the  american society of pediatrics currently says that circumcision is beneficial for maintaining hygiene and reducing the transmission of diseases both to and from the male once sexually active .
[us] case in point the soviet union , the nonaggression pact between hitler and stalin led to a few years where the soviet union was doing next to nothing to prepare for a war with germany , and that would be it s undoing in the early years of wwii .
[russia] hello redditor for 8 hours without a flair agreeing with another redditor with 1 day old account , thank you for your valuable contribution .
[us] when global economic conditions turn towards se asia , latin america , and africa , they re going to remember who has been robbing them of resources and interfering in their internal affairs .
[us] now , after only 15 years and recent global speculation that the euro project itself will crumble , europeans think that they can make arguments that the united states is somehow fragile and will soon be prone to usurpation .
[russia] there is a clear benefactor in such campaign , who has been repeatedly caught in the past doing so with all sorts of bullshit including nuclear strikes .
[us] this coming from a guy calling all croats nazis bas on something that happed 70 years ago ... at least the they are nt trying to hide or deny their history .
[us] but , to answer your question . . social security was created in 1934  so it preexisted gats  , and would be likely to be able to avoid the gats mandate to privatize if they do not or have not changed anything .
[us] i do nt really care either way , but you guys should stop pretending this is some big issue when it s really something that affects noone in their daytoday lives .
[russia] and i do nt say this as a russian nationalist , it does nt matter to me who was born where personally , unlike you .
[us] shake shack is good for fast food , but if you went to s steakhouse or somewhere like that for a burger , you would lose your mind .
[russia] what european union offered them as solution does not seem to work , in fact it looks like it make things worse  and i am not even commenting on terms of bailouts , role of european banks and their exposure  .
[russia] perhaps there is less competition for serious movies  i m trying to recall if i ve seen any light familyfriendly movies from poland , uk , spain and i do nt remember any  though i remember a lot of french , italian comedies with de funes , celentano , richard , mastoianni , depardieu , clavier  .
[us] i think what he means is that the more entities there are in the eu , the higher the likelihood that there s going to be bickering on a noticeable  and ultimately hindering  level , especially given how weak the eu is , structurallyspeaking , right now .
[us] as soon as it becomes clear that the idf has failed and the enemy armies are approaching israeli civilian centers , the entire israeli population arms itself .
[us] i ve had a few friends that i knew for several months before i found out they were canadian , and i only learned where they were from when they told me .
[us] yes , but in the case of islam  mormonism , people could have multiple marriages , but one civil partnership with all the benefits it entails , without people getting in trouble for polygamy .
[us] i would love to witness that especially if he was asian or black out some other race or ethnicity just for the awkward moment .
[us] eastern europe does nt trust you because of your low military spending , france  the united kingdom do nt believe they can rely on you because of your low military spending .
[us] i embrace forward thinking individuals of all cultures but when statistics show a skewed intolerance for nonserbs and lgbt people from a country i will make my inferences .
[us] actually ,  most of what we produce is actually crude oil   8.8 m barrels out of 11.5 m barrels     httpnews.yahoo.comusbidoilsupremacyshakescrudemarket150340650.html  , and overall  we surpass saudi arabia in production when you include the natural gas liquids   which is what brings us up to 11.5 m     httpwww.bloomberg.comnews20140704usseenasbiggestoilproducerafterovertakingsaudi.html  .
[russia] megathread was created to solve the situation when half of the  reurope front page was filled with ukrainianrelated topics  often minor , redundant and low quality  from sources like dailybest and so on  , not to bar from  reurope the most important events currently happening in europe .
[us] the french air force possesses its own assets in those three strategic areas , but not as widely as the usaf does .    the us assistance was nothing less than essential in allowing the operation to proceed , the french official said .
[russia] or more direct comparison  in 1996 during president elections in russia state tv channel made tv marathon of brazilian series  mulheres de areia  to sway elder women to stay home .
[russia] it s a waste of time to try and change the mind of someone so attached to something , that they ll place the blame of the deaths of millions on the assassination of one insignificant duke instead of the competing colonial and economic interests of massive empires with shared borders and strained resources , instead of admitting that people die because of it .
[russia] its a touchy subject for ukrainians , i understand and quite likely seen as  unfair  , but there is nothing fair in geopolitics  especially if they are both supported domestically and locally quite heavily  .
[us] if you re focusing on the  wage dumping  part of  ub00kofwisdom s comment , than ok . its always so simple when reddit circlejerks over scandinavia .
[russia] no , i just do nt see the need to comment in subreddit dedicated to a statecountry which is nt too interesting to me and most likely will disappear soon .
[russia] it s irrelevant who is dominant or supports violence , currently protests are providing fascists the opportunity to attack security forces , continuing protests regardless makes every participant complicit .
[russia] there used to be a red belt of cprf voters in the chernozem region , but now the whole country votes united russia , because election officials are either ur members or are threatened by ur members .
[us] basically it was a big  fuck you , we will fly over international waters if we please  and not a violation of recognized chinese airspace .
[russia] i m pretty sure the nato satellite images have been debunked  a quick google search gave me  this   httpwww.globalresearch.cabigliesriskconfrontationwithrussia5398285  but i m sure there are better  10 soldiers is a bloody joke , you ca nt seriously claim that they are part of the  invasion  force that russia sent into ukraine .
[russia] in 2008 russia invaded georgia , its tiny southern neighbour , just as the olympic games began in beijing , prompting formulaic western protests but no meaningful retribution .
[russia] example of local  climate   a friend of mine had mediumsized  whitehat  company in moscow  sales of metal for building  which paid all possible taxes , i ve asked him why did nt he advertise the company
[russia] plan ahead basically  oligarchs and stolen russian money stored abroad is a slippery slope and while from the point of law britain is following its hundreds year of judicial traditions , russia seriously lack in that regard , thus russians tend to favor social justice more .
[russia] furthermore , it would have avoided the current clusterfuck in israelpalestine , and a finlandized  israel  in the middle of europe would have made the situation there a lot less tense during the cold war .
[russia] would it not make more sense to assume that i never believed it was deliberate and merely agreed with you because i shared your viewpoint
[us] only eight of the 28 allies engaged in combat , and most ran out of ammunition , having to buy , at cost , ammunition stockpiled by the united states .
[us] the chicago public high school graduation rate was at 65  last year and that s probably one of the best they ve ever managed .
[russia] people do nt like idea to support alien cultureseconomies when their own infrastructure is in awful conditions  horrible roads , bad policemediceducation services , poorly designed economy  .
[russia] interesting part  they have asked chechnya and ingushetia too  those are actually parts of rufed  at least for now    during ilmen music festival  falling tree killed two children  woman was killed by lightning   httpwww.rbc.rurbcfreenews20140614201111.shtml  , 10 more people are in hospitals .
[us] it is like watching american republicans thinking there is nt a single issue that ca nt be fixed with tax cuts especially for the rich .
[us] take your time , in any event , but i would actually recommend that you print these articles out , having the hard copy , making notes in the margins , underlininghighlighting interesting passages , circling key phrases or key sources . .
[russia] when soviet union collapsed , a lot of local politicians were like  its all russia fault , we ourselves are awesome and will succeed 100    .
[us] this is why we ve seen so much push to privatize education a little bit , because of the intentionally little known gats which will then require it be completely privatized .
[russia] other than the fact that chechnyans are muslims , while ossetians are white , ethnic russians ossetians , as well as chechens , belong to caucasian race   are white  , and both ethnicities are  not  russian  although they both share a plenty of history with russia , being historically parts of russian empire  .
[us] i know he is nt really popular on reddit , but here s  one   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvlopu1uibkbc  from ronald reagan s 1984 presidential debate with walter mondale .
[us] the failure of the local government is creating a fertile ground when something bad will happen down the road and there will be a mob setting the roma camp on fire while roma are still inside .
[us] no , the reason is , they have shown by their consistent willingness to make really gross misrepresentations ,  the 5 us media corpos basically are hiding the ftas very existence in the us  the only people who seem to understand them are people who have had the misfortune to have had to deal with extreme compulsive liars , a style of politics which i suspect is more common in the us than in the eu .
[us] do you have any printed sources , of opinions of at least one other person who has written an article on the topic  who agrees with you
[us] salmond also insisted that the new scotland would retain the sterling currency and remain , like the rest of britain , outside the eu s schengen travel zone .
[russia] russia  , your sanctions can not prevent us from not invading ukraine   nato accused kremlin in delivery of 3 unmarked t64 battle tanks   httpaco.nato.intstatementonrussianmainbattletanks.aspx  to ukrainian rebels  most likely those are ukrainian tanks seized by russian troops in crimea and transported to eastern ukraine through russia  .
[us] and lied about it , presenting a fake  public option   which as you will see was barred by gats  as bait to get  single payer   httpwww.pnhp.orgresourcespnhpresearchthecaseforanationalhealthprogram  off the table   which would cover everybody but dump the whole private insurance model  also it would bargain from a position of strength on drugs , a  very big part   httpwww.bilaterals.orgmedicines  of us trade policy is fighting such bargaining by other countries  it was such a shameless deception , hidden and remains hidden .
[us] but anyway , i ca nt argue with you , because you made broad sweeping generalized statements , that are at least true in part in a general sense , but you use such over the top language that i ca nt even engage with you .
[us] america does nt fear a united europe standing beside it in the west  it fears being the only west left with a divided europe .
[us] what are the chances that they could develop sustainable energy sources  maybe not this year , but , say , within the next few years
[us] that says very good things about france to me . . that she is now a minister of culture , an extremely important issue to the french .
[us] germany has barely any of their military up and running for instance due to lack of maintenance but are technically the third biggest military .
[russia] there ca nt be two opinions about gays there can be infinite number of opinions , but the thing is  why mention them if there was no discussion about gays in this thread
[russia] put yourself in stalin or molotov shoes , provide yourself with historical context  specifically how old soviet leadership was , what they went through , what signals did they received from france , britain and u.s at the time , what was the circumstances of russian civil war and so on and so forth  and ask yourself what you would have done without pretending to be that you are on some kind of  high moral horse
[russia] mcdonald s restaurant was one of the symbols of perestroika as they were one of the first batch of western companies which started to work in russia during gorbachev period , their restaurant on pushkinskaia square was as popular as lenin s mausoleum .
[us] no , i think its quite deceptive , i think that these ftas represent an attack on the gains which were made in the latter part of the 20th century , and an attack on democratic rule of law by a few very large corporations .
[russia] never did i said that ussr was benevolent or invaded poland out of goodness of its heart ,  to protect minorities if it rocks your boat  this was a typical bullshit excuse used by many , many countries before to achieve their strategic goals and give some form of  legitimacy  to their claims  at least in eyes of domestic population  .
[us] better to offer training , create many low skilled government jobs such as planting trees and vegetation to help the environment and beautify the country , and thus let these people accomplish something valuable .
[russia] human rights violators , people accused of serious crimes at home quite often find shelter in the west in general with the help of  money
[russia] because guys who walk around with ss insignias , praise known nazi collaborator as the national hero and shout things like  russians to knives  and  hang russians  are totally not neonazis , amirite
[us] its somewhat different than defense treaties in the past , and the public in many of the larger nato countries would be incensed by any overt crossborder attack .
[us] the minister for enterprise , felip puig tried to downplay the possible cancellation of 9n ensuring that if that day can not vote  will at a later date .
[russia] do nt link to wiki when it s about something this sensitive ,  here is a better source   httpwww.academia.edu3566501antisemiticdoctrineincrimeantatarnewspaperazatkirim19421944  that directly contradicts your wiki link .
[russia] dmitry kiselev is another suspicious case , he previously made very odd remarks before he took upon his crazy persona , the thing is an act
[us] it s not hard to pinpoint when you mention lots of somalians  that s a unique part of the city compared to other cities in the country .
[russia] got ta protect those  special interest  and  american way of life  , wiki might help you out if you are interested in their previous  operations   not to say that euromaidan was cia plot or smtn , just to point out that quite often the local  dissent  is not exactly what it seems to be  .
[russia] i m pretty sure that the moment when you started to murder local politicians , abduct civilians and take journalists as hostages for use as bargaining chips  you have evolved from insurgent to a terrorist .
[russia] if yanukovych was not such a piece of shit things would be different , but russia has a tendency to bet on a wrong horse when it comes to ukraine .
[russia] this does nt mean that comprehensive and wellsourced comments that go against the ideology described above are always downvoted , but why bother overmuch when some snarky oneliner that hews to the above ideological preferences will inevitably get far more upvotes .
[us] nor do i want to see things like  daimler suing the french government   httponline.wsj.comnewsarticlessb10001424127887323610704578630001505477288  to prevent them from banning certain mercedes models because they use a banned coolant system that germany thinks should nt be banned .
[russia] same happens during new year celebration  business practically stops for 2 weeks till january , 14  january , 13 is  old new year  in orthodoxal gregorian calendar  .
[russia] does nt it shows that popularization of homosexual relations in europe came so far that gays became too much untouchable , and that puts them in a special positon above any other s
[russia] so far this thread has been kind to me , perhaps with the ukrainian conflict fizzling out into another  russia keeps a border nation hostage with a frozen conflict  scenario the users of this sub are starting to forget the outrage that was whipped up here a few months ago .
[russia] imagine forbes writing about what obama or merkel said and illustrating that with a post in some social media which sports their photo  so it totally must be official  .
[us] you can take time to make a well reasoned opinion and go vote and then have it canceled out by someone that liked a guy s hair .
[russia] he has had a hand in destroying the ukranian economy and selling out its people just like yanukovych and tymoschenko and all the rest .
[us] the real problem for usa is china and now usa has a full plate of problems all over the world to deal with thanks to russia and china being aggressive and usa s own self inflicted issues through incompetence .
[us] i go to a school where about ninety percent of the student body is politically active so seeing a report like this is encouraging for the western world
[us] i swear half the top comments in  rworldnews are comments that divert all attention to the us even though the article has nothing to do with the us .
[us] the point being , if the current levels of spending actually  are nt  justifiable , nobody will independently try to justify them , because they would have to put their name on the paper and stand by it .
[us] if you go to the southwest  the best place to see this is chaco culture nhp but really , everywhere you go in the southwest , if you know what to look for in the archaeological record , you will find signs of this huge drought they had 1000 years ago , which destroyed an advanced civilization .
[russia] however now situation has changed dramatically and crimea becomes much less expensive  i d say  more inexpensive   and has better services so abkhazia is out of the game with their nonexistent quality of services and somewhat high prices  they are higher than in thailand and goa for example  .
[russia] i even needed to buy a therapy light to replenish my vitamin d. also , living in the ruhrgebiet , the building are so grey , they often just merge with the sky .
[russia] ukraine is nt exactly liked in europe either , although it s not liked in a much hazier  because most europeans could nt find it on a map  way .
[us] you re the asshole here , for casually dismissing the importance of something that jews have seen as essential to their identity since the romans ruled england and armenia .
[russia] might as well stay loyal to my country if the european community refuses to flex its muscles as the  economist  has been crying for in the past ten years .
[us] this is a good place to start  ciel  httpwww.ciel.orgpublicationstoxicpartnershipmar2014.pdf httplibcloud.s3.amazonaws.com93c723299cielsubmissiononttipsentatefinancecommitteehearingclean.pdf httpwww.ciel.orgchemecscience19aug2014.html  at a time when scientific opinion is central to eu policy making and legislative processes , the idea of a single person secretly advising the commission on all science related matters , from climate change , to toxic chemicals , gmos , fracking and fisheries , is not only unscientific , it is also in direct contradiction to the democratic process enshrined by the european union ,  says david azoulay , senior attorney at the center for international environmental law  ciel  .
[russia] uk , france and germany  the actual eu powers with the ability to project their power  they re all sitting quiet for now , deliberating on the best course of strategy .
[russia] i would have to guess he has some kind of goal in mind or some sort of desirable outcome and if he ca nt achieve it via force , he should have prepared for some sort of negotiations , no
[russia] you are definitely right muslims are 3.2  of the population of canada and they dont cause much trouble , i mean never saw a canadian politician talking publicly againts muslim , the far right almost dont even exist in canada
[us] there was an article posted in this thread that pointed out that there are other plot points besides 60   3  that are sustainable and viable .
[us] i do nt understand where you have this idea that things are going to change where somehow russia is going to surpass usa s economy .
[us] and it seems as if the drought we are currently experiencing might be the beginning of another one of these long droughts  we do nt know .
[us] he was so popular that when jfk came into office he had to be careful not to take any actions that would have been too disruptive to ike s previous policy and might lead to him publicly slamming him .
[us] the israeli refugees are greeted in their exile by the crowing of american and european leftists who are exultant in the recent arab  victory over imperialist aggressors .
[us] leave it to the irish to turn a chant about destroying israel into a stupid rallying cry for not paying for a public service .
[us] if the point of this law is to force kids to adopt norwegian social norms so that they can fit in , then there s no reason to limit the forced changes solely to muslims .
[us] sometimes , they have positive effects , on some level , for example , the black death spelled the beginning of the end for the divine right of kings and feudalism .
[us] it s a different type of spectator  there is nt an advantage to being loud unless you are just trying to hype up your team .
[us] is is probably more likely to actually launch an attack on the west than russia is , but russia can hit so much harder .
[us] we americans are really getting a bad deal on health care and drugs and we re being lied to to keep it in place  probably because of the 3 secret trade deals they are pushing right now .
[us] first of all we must cut down the politicians in the goverment to a third of the current number ok , so we re giving the people less representation now
[us] the other stance of  lets all gang up on crimea because they decided to be part of russia rather then ukraine   well that s just plain evil as you are attempting to outright force your will on them .
[russia] wife of leonid  one the found persons  wrote on vk that her husband was killed in ukraine and that he will be buried on monday  yesterday  .
[russia] sure , you can take a page out of the playbook of the us state department and use the word so many times it loses any meaning , but anybody with a mind of their own will see the propaganda for what it is .
[us] the only fucking way we were getting a singlepayer system was if the president was replaced by a dictator who undermined democracy for the greater good , and as appealing as that might sound to a wannabe neckbeard julius caesar , it goes against damn near every one of our modernday ideals  is a clear road for tyrannical oppression .
[us] i mean yes they end up with free healthcare and all that , but they usually are here doing cheap labor jobs for cheap and make enough where they are sending money home .
[russia] a lot of apartments are not sold and absolutely most of underground parking places are not sold in buildings completed and populated a year ago .
[russia] yet a lot of people think here for some reason that the crimeans would nt want to join russia because  hurr durr russia sux  .
[russia] they are nt promoting anything neonazi now , not passing or attempting to pass any remotely neonazi laws either in the parliament or in the provincial legislatures .
[us] a weak europe is not in our interests because a weak europe means it s liable to russian influence  grows more dependent on us , thus distracting us from asiapacific .
[russia] i m not denying they went there , if any did , i just ca nt think of any off the top of my head .
[russia] one review found recidivism rates of 10  to 50  among pedophiles previously convicted of sexual abuse  although this could include anything from an arrest for any offense to reconviction on a crime against a child .
[russia] there was plenty of bad blood between both states and punch exchanges , unfortunately for poland , you managed to piss off pretty much everyone around you and generally lack friends or allies   so you had a sad history as a result .
[russia] edit  kiev winning the war may  and will  provoke unrest in crimea which may spread across whole russia and it seems kremlin does not want kiev to finish the war on its own terms  i.e.
[us] i think you are thinking in the same way the germans were thinking about ukraine   oh , if we just concede more things , things will just settle down , and the gas will flow just fine .
[russia] how come that in nineties everybody in the city knew who s a boss and to whom you must talk if you want to start business and if you do nt want it to be burnt down to ashes next day , but nowadays all that you need for business is some money for start
[us] nearly everyone i know pays at most  70 out of pocket for a scheduled visit to their pcp , and that s including lab tests and stuff .
[us] it s happening globally , the us is also seeing drastic decreases in native bird populations even in some areas where development is minimal .
[us] such a program would ideally have a focus on education  as i am guessing that most who immigrate this way instead of the traditional legal route are not highly educated  and a path to citizenship for those that do well .
[russia] nobody really cares about ethics here , geopolitics is nt about playing nice , last time us invaded two countries , tens of thousands of people died , putin is playing a comparatively light game here .
[us] well yeah i ve been on a toll road a couple times before , but to think being charged a few dollars every 20 kilometers
[russia] logic behind actions of state in rufed is inverted because it is formed by criminals  for example in 90s there were attempts to start investigation against putin for corruption  accusation was bribery for faking importexport permissions  .
[russia] but if anyone in russia thinks it is any of their business then he or she should probably give up thinking altogether since it clearly is nt working for them .
[russia] the fact that there is also north ossetia which is actually a part of russia but is populated by the same ossetins only complicates it all .
[us] seriously , i do nt know how anyone can say with a straight face that a 15 year old  does nt know better  with regards to killing people .
[russia] that s why putin was popular and still is to a degree , which will wear off once again after the postcrimea euphoria simmers down .
[russia] could germany send troops to protect baltic states from  protective humanitarian invasion  if kremlin will threat to cut supply of oil and gas in return
[us] i saw a post that said stalin is nt treated fairly compared to obama and he gets a bad rap considering the great government he created for russia .
[us] people still remember that as a bit of a betrayal as well and at least a part of the whole neutrality thing is the belief that any alliance would nt actually be worth much .
[us] what is your opinion on the nazi raccoons that roam your country , mocking the idea of proper land management and trash bins that do not need to be well secured
[russia] he would possess a variety of instruments from price dumping to smearing campaigns , to pressure on authorities and so on , the list is pretty long .
[us] so many things now , here , at least , revolve around various fta arguing positions taken by the us which are not widely known outside of the trade community .
[russia] i think it s not a preparation for a war but entourage for attempt to rebuild chaotic and corrupted putin s bureaucracy into militarized dictatorship with firm structure which could withstand upcoming deep economic crisis .
[us] also a bunch of us states voted for the usa to officially recognize nagornokarabakh and you re in the side bar so you ve got that going for you .
[russia] tell us again why it s not aggressive to maintain a military alliance on russian borders that has ceaselessly made it its prerogative to expand eastwards and  contain  russia
[russia] if i was vladimir or his descendant i d destroy such documents to not to compromise myself as pureblood russian ruler  and i would nt be surprised if someone did exactly this .
[us] in fact it is actually helping germany because they are able to export far more with an artificially lowered euro compared to germany being alone .
[russia] i am not going to comment on georgia , i still think it was georgians waving their dick around and testing the waters with a quiet nod from west  possibly u.s solely  .
[russia] us gets antsy when russia sent a cruiser for  naval exercises with venezuela   httpnews.bbc.co.uk2hi7759892.stm  in their and international waters , cuba does nt have the right to selfdetermination , but when russia protests military bases being built on its border , it is  le  terally hitler .
[russia] i learned my lesson about them after iraq , afghanistan , pakistan , yemen , oman , syria , libya , lebanon , israel , palestine , vietnam , cambodia , cuba , grenada , et al.
[russia] 1.5  recession in january ,  15  currency devaluation in 2 months , yeartoyear sales of local car manufacturer dropped by 21  , food prices and utility bills grow 1550  per year  inflation is around 5   .
[russia] or maybe russia will just circumvent that problem by secretly arming prorussian crimeans and have them do the dirty work , without russia needing to take the risk of an actual military intervention and potential blowback from the west .
[us] there was a huge subset of the nation that equated iraq with 911 through creative propaganda by bush even though they specifically never said iraq was responsible .
[us] the  other  web site that i have bookmarked in russia that has a large body of material about the victims of the nkvd and kgb is not working for me right now .
[russia] bunch of people in 3 different cities willingly sacrificing their careers and freedom  for me it does look like there is some demand from society .
[russia] medium sized business is in state of anarchy  up to shooting between fsb and police when they are trying to  protect  the same marketcompanyplant .
[us] the us spends hundreds of billions maintaining the only credible deterrent your continent has  a guaranteed secondstrike nuclear capability  and all you can say in thanks is  we should save money by cutting our own military budget  .
[russia] if you do nt think that i m writing this comment sitting in kremlin , would you please avoid such word choice as  you re invading  .
[us] then again , the beaches where i m from look like  this   httpwww.sharingflorida.comwpcontentuploads201001twitterwallpaper1.jpg  , so i m way more intrigued by all the canals .
[russia] may be there is a rational reason behind those  mass graves  , like , i dunno ... city morgue , bodies there , no electricity to run freezers
[russia] into ukraine  or these brigades are already in ukraine  and require  legitimization  as  concerned citizens  with tanks , artillery , aa missiles and infamous  buks    related news   freedom fighters   or  rebels  , or  terrorists  , or  rufed troops   in donetsk have organized  military parade and walk of shame for captured ukrainian soldiers   httptop.rbc.ruincidents24082014944623.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1   or rebels posing as captured ukrainian soldiers  with street washing cars following the column  just like soviets did with german soldiers in moscow in 1944 .
[us] a little bit more money is never going to matter if people get cancer at a young age or can not get the education they need to get and keep a job , which is increasing very rapidly .
[us] nbsp  funny , it was the  centre  party that ran the antisemitic moron this election , and refused to take her off the ticket .
[russia] somewhere along the line , ukrainians grew tired of yushenko  tymoshenko tandem and elected a new president with hopes for a better future and whatnot .
[us] it s like agreeing that we are at point a and we need to go to point b. i just do nt think driving on the wrong side of the highway is the right way to do it .
[us] if your argument is that everything would be cheaper if we all used cash , do you really think that companies would prefer to handle cash everyday
[russia] and slavery allows to turn population into city production  not only buildings , but units too , including  workers   at extremely lucrative rate  with granary 1 food into 23 production   it allows high food , no production cities to produce  it allows emergency production .
[russia] that s the funny thing but even based on this thread , or on the whole reurope where you guys together with your cousins from baltic states are the main sources of hysterical russophobia which leads from time to time to giant europesized circlejerks  we sure can hurt your feelings , oh yes .
[us] i ve been in germany five years , had my fair share , but what i m really looking forward to when i get back soon  american pizza .
[russia] also of all bureaucrats in russia fsb personnel is the most sane people i ve met  they wo nt waste their time on minor nuisances , that s the job of police and attorney general s office  who do nt speak english  .
[russia] she s been  dancing  with both russia and eu for quite some time , taking monies from both sides and accepting gifts and whatnot .
[russia] as for the second part , good call , that is indeed ridiculous , i was under the impression  500 was on the higher end of the spectrum for euro prices , but not an impossibly high price .
[russia] as you re so big on minority rights , do nt you think that crimean tartars also have a say on whether they d like to go back under russian rule
[russia] there is also baltics who always were somewhat different , but its still funny to see pr attempts from tiny estonia to posture itself as an itgiant and cutting edge in innovation or poland s  invest in eastern poland  commercials .
[russia] edit  just to clarify , most scientific terms came from greeklatin , medicine and biology  latin , 19th century town life  transportation , apartments , clothes , cuisine   french , sailing  german , modern days  it  fully english .
[us] when you imply i m a chickenshit coward who does nt care about europe when i m adamant about increasing american military presence in eastern europe , defending nonnato eu memberstates like finland or sweden and upping aid , both military  civil , to ukraine , as well as advocating intelligence sharing  assistance   even if that means cia black ops   .
[russia] it s really freaking annoying to use proxy when all you need is to read some harmless programming blog post , that has the same ip as something blocked .
[us] it s the same idealist rabble that bush talked about early in the war , and it was nt until the troop surge that he realized no , that s impossible , and it s not going to happen .
[us] beyond that , i think there are probably a few things that parts of europe need to come to terms with about their societies .
[russia] frequently i find this shit finding ways into englishspeaking media , and most of the time , proukrainian content is believed wordforword , while prorussian content is publicly shown as examples of  russian shills  and  russian propaganda  , and that strikes me as quite unfair .
[us] only concerned with the money they make from the surgery , the hospitals want to take advantage of the fact that ignorant new parents often mistakenly assume the surgery is therapeutic .
[russia] an interesting fact that a lot of people on this sub do nt realise is that while russia is nt very rosy , it actually got a bit better in terms of raw gdp per capita since the ussr .
[russia] european jihadists travel to syria to fight assad or establish islamic caliphate through turkey  zero obstacles on the border and probably is encouraged by them  with money and support from gulf states and full knowledge of u.s intelligence .
[russia] with ukraine to start with  and then with us and nato if they ll want to join  somehow i m sure us wo nt skip this one  .
[us] if you want to dismiss it as a small population that does nt matter in the first place , well that is kind of what started the mess from the beginning .
[russia] the country is bankrupt , the imf is circling overhead  they will provide help , but by many indicators , this may be worse than greece .
[us] my dad was in budapest during all of this , and he told me very clearly that radio free europe was saying that help was on the way .
[russia] there s far too much national pride involved for russia to ever peaceably handover siberia  pride russians are giving up 337 square kilometers to china   httpwww.google.comtranslatehlenampslruamptlenampuhttp3a2f2fwww.contrtv.ru2fevents2f952fampsandbox1  .
[russia] russian summit in vladivostok cost us 20 billion  , the new road which was constructed specifically for the event got  washed away  at least 3 times already .
[russia] matsuka was forced to flee his home in donetsk after a slew of death threats and attempts on his life intensified with the city s occupation by prorussian rebels  out of curiosity how can he report something , when judging by the info provided by cjfe he is being actively targeted and fled the place overall
[us] i understand that military readiness is a dirty word for a country that has dutifully absolved itself from military intervention  which most of us will admit was a good thing during the rest of the 20th century  , but you still have to maintain your fleet
[us] when perestroika came it was long overdue and it to some extent helped heal some major wounds which were the result of many decades of what can really be only described as genocide in some countries .
[russia] russians started violence 22 years ago in abkhazia and it does nt get any better  exactly the opposite  we are already invading bigger  but weak  countries .
[russia] all of your high moral standards , high wages , and high standards of living are preserved through the economic exploitation of billions of people .
[russia] so as a result we see mr. putin is turning the country into bigger and much more dangerous version of north korea  north korea at least has an ideology and can be controlled by china  unlike russian federation  and sending troops into ukraine openly  loss of ukraine may result in massive wave o separatism within rufed and in putin s funerals  .
[russia] he s probably smarter than several eu leaders put together , managing russia is a sisyphus  labour with a wall of oligarchical spears pointed in your back .
[russia] lastly , about  no say in motherland stuff  , again  weak do nt choose , world was split between great powers at the time under a certain condition , one of them was not meddling into others sphere of influence , it was mostly honored because otherwise it would destabilize whole world and everyone would start shitting in each other back yard , making xx century even more bloody than it was .
[russia] when it comes to nouns in russian , turns out all these words came from another languages , except a subset which reflects an everyday life in medieval village amongst the forest .
[us] he and perhaps some sock puppets he manages , clearly do try to drown out opposing voices that do nt want to endorse his radical neoliberal agenda .
[russia] you d be even more amused if realize that russian liberals  let s call them  leftists   as well as rightwingers condemn his deeds , for different reasons .
[russia] historians believe that the cradle of the slavic race is somewhere around modern ukraine or belarus , that is true , but since then slavs have moved east and west .
[us] black americans are actually much more dangerous in ghetto areas than roma are , but we do nt segregate them because we are a 21st century society .
[us] if they are already skirting incredibly simple specifications like a logo size , then it s unlikely that they are going to do the project the proper way .
[russia] moscovy  russia  is considered the protector of christian orthodox faith  if you believe the third rome theory  , the successor to roman and byzantine empires .
[russia] i would like to contest the notion that they do nt care who get hurt in the process though , because the downed liner generated a shit ton of attention and pressure on them .
[russia] fascism will not pass nemtsov is a traitor of the mother country russia  donbass , poroshenko  a fag poroshenko is a cannibal liberals are a disgrace for russia   proukrainian  no to war putin is a thief no to fascism in kremlin peace to ukraine
[us] i m from nyc , i have have spidersenses about people trying to rip me off , and they did nt go off once in croatia .
[russia] goes hand to hand with lack of accountability , people who failed national projects time and time again and shown nothing except  hey we are a natural monopoly , lets raise prices
[russia] besides that , it s really not a good idea to send truck filled to its weight limit over nonexisting roads in countryside or over rubble after artillery strikes .
[russia] up until recently the dominant viewpoint of russian history and which path we should take was liberal , if not neoliberal , now the pendulum has swinged and everybody is a patriot ,  russia
[us] i am really disappointed in both my own government and the eu for pushing the highly undemocratic ftas and trying to hide the implications of things like isds  their hidden goal of covertly privatizing most services is the worst aspect of them .
[russia] note  under putin s rule biggest country in the world is incapable to produce its own quality fur coats , 95  of them are imported and nearly 80  of import is illegal  because customs  fsb  are corrupted .
[us] europeans  time and time again  underestimate in so many ways the abilities of the united states , and it seems to me that such opinions are based on nothing except that bush was an idiot and invaded iraq .
[russia] the chechnyan problem is waaaaay overblown in the west , it was big 15 years ago in 1999 , but now is almost nonexistent .
[russia] europe  can  buy their energy and materials from others , but cost of their manufacturing would increase significantly and cost of life will rise as well .
[us] the point is , to do that which you must , which gets you out of the area of  freeriding  , and into the area of  taking responsibility  .
[russia] may i remind you that making sweeping generalizations is not a sign of a great mind , let alone the usage of the word  bydlo
[us] what we do nt have is an ally on the other side of the pond that would be in any way comfortable with these things .
[us] the entire country is in range of and covered by the russian s400 surface to air missile envelope , and they are vulnerable to the likely fleet of russian kilo s that circle them .
[us] let s just look at the facts from the past couple months   and years      report  400 isis militants killed in u.s.led air strikes    httpwww.breitbart.combigpeace20140924report400isismilitantskilledinusledairstrikes   on september 23 the kuwait news agency  kuna  reported that us led airstrikes killed   at least 400 militants   on the night of the 22nd .
[russia] and i m not convincing you of anything , i ve just tried to answer your question , if you re not happy with it that s your personal right .
[russia] same with ukraine , he asks for trilateral talks because moldova happens to have close trade ties with russia  albeit not so close as in ukraine s case , if i m not mistaken  and through those ties eu can economically harm russia .
[us] i m not sure what you are trying to claim though with saying things change , so i would rather not put words in your mouth .
[russia] you mean like the ukraine made crimea prosper , turning it from the premier sand and sun tourism spot of the ussr into a dilapidated wasteland with a fourth of the gdp per capita and half the wages of neighboring krasnodar , frequented by country bumpkins from galicia who bring their own salo and vodka because they are too cheap to pay the local cafes and restaurants
[us] you are also beyond stupid for dismissing the largest economy in the world as an  ex colonial  that europe should nt have anything to do with .
[russia] telling kremlinputin to f  off instead of becoming a  savior  of eastern ukraine  and  prepares strikes against ukrainian military   httptop.rbc.rupolitics14072014936144.shtml   or is trying to convince everyone they really want to begin war with ukraine officially .
[russia] sanctions against russia do not work 1  they work  there is  badly  working peace treaty and 2  they are relatively weak , if anyone actually want to see eastern ukraine  and crimea , georgia , moldova  free of russian troops  heshe should consider embargo against gas and oil right now .
[russia] i could say , as many have been saying about russians , that you poles are a violent , debauched people who would rather see the deaths of thousands of innocents than come to terms with their own insecurities regarding russia and the soviet boogeyman .
[us] the residual effect of being european for so long  creoles , or french ancestors , clung to french influences even until the 1900s  even though the city itself is more spanish than french .
[russia] europeans wonder why shiites kill sunnis and suicide bomb each other in 21st century , civilized european society my ass   same cave dwellers with tribal system of identification as 5k  years ago .
[us] burden of proof is on you when you are telling people that people s faucets are catching on fire and everyone is dying of lung cancer .
[us] we should look at everything we do and everything we need and attempt to figure out a way to make our society so strong we can jst sail through the worst kinds of things together knowing that we will all be there for one another .
[us] just as an anecdote , i ve known quite a few people named laszlo in the us , never heard of anyone named ladislaus .
[russia] i wonder why is that people desire instant gratification so much and if not presented , they are outraged that life is a bit more complex than that .
[us] not to mention that in the back of his mind he sees this as just one more shakeup of his culture and life in the big scary 21st century .
[us] when he says that the us is treating its european allies like children , he is giving in part a certain support to the feelingsbelief held by many europeans today that they are being treated like children by the us .
[us] you act like poland belongs to germany and yet say it is perfectly acceptable to sacrifice to a wild dog and ukraine is only a victim because it acted independently .
[us] now it is a very real prospect for the eurozone      just as a bad cold leads to pneumonia , so overindebtedness leads to deflation ,   wrote the us economist irving fisher in 1933 .
[us] yup , that s exactly what i was referring to , and i also mentioned countries with actual genocides being lower than relatively peceful countries .
[us] this lasted a few years , on a much smaller scale , until the army and eisenhower administration  pushed back in the armymcarthy hearings   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikijosephn.welch  .
[russia] revisionism my ass , we never agreed that your version of history is the only one right , so i do nt give a damn if you think it s revisionism or whatever you want to call it really , everything i said it s not really even a discussion point and far from being something new .
[russia] i dunno , for me it looks like european union making a midlong term bet that eurasian union will not work out  dissolve  , russia will be weakened significantly and they could  snatch it  under russia s nose .
[russia] you add to that the fact that allies  invaded  soviet union during civil war , were generally hostile towards new state and the idea that ussr would be on friendly terms with west seems ridiculous to me .
[us] that would have been very , very bad , because investors would have really started to think twice about buying us gov  t debt , which would lead to even more problems .
[us] i personally do nt have much of a problem with homosexuality , and most of the people in my church do nt seem to be any more prejudiced than anyone else .
[us] the fact is though that 2020 delivery futures for brent are still trading at over  92 a barrel today , which shows that the market is predicting an increase in the near future .
[russia] a bit of certain propaganda  and 80  will be ok with any sale , opinion of 20  will be suppressed  just like it is happening right now with annexation of crimea .
[russia] only in fairytales every one is equal and just as important , in real world , no one really cares about somalia , but saudi arabia or egypt is a key player in regional power balance .
[russia] i assume you followed euromaidan from the start , would you deny that euromaidaneuromaidanpr twitter accounts and links provided to ukrainians media outlets was antirussian in their origin
[russia] are we talking about regular russian army here with air support , icbm and the military might of russian army and navy or a  weird war  where there is no air support for any side , both sides are engaged in massively shelling each other with artillery systems  a lot of people with small armssnipers everywhere firing from ambushes
[us] 10  had it not been for heroic efforts on the part of japan s nuclear workers to replenish waters in the spent fuel pool at fukushima , those spent fuel rods would have melted down and ignited their zirconium cladding , which most likely would have released far more radioactive contamination than what came from the three reactor core meltdowns .
[us] nor can he and his colleagues in the ntp sway this tendency , since they lack the mandate of a regulatory agency and can not define or assess risk as part of their observations .
[russia] please also note that unless you re over 60 , you have never experienced life under stalin , so it s likely none of us are qualified to discuss the level of corruption under stalin .
[us] i understand that everything is a trade off , but a bigger carrier that uses a launcher would allow the superior version of the f35 .
[russia] well the bbc , reuters , guardian , independent , times , itv etc all are reporting on the ukraine situation and have reporters on the ground i opened the bbc site , the top report on ukraine is this thingie   ukraine mh17  rebels ambush army convoy near crash site   httpwww.bbc.comnewsworldeurope28599315  .
[us] you could probably make a robot dishwashing system but the little bistro down the street might not be able to afford it or fit it in their little kitchen .
[us] as much as it hurts me to say it , and extra funding that europeans put into defense is frankly going to be wasted .
[russia] well , thing is , stalin came down on the tatars in the 1940s , so that s like the jews blaming modernday germany for the holocaust in my view .
[us] you would think that with feminism so deeply ingrained in communist ideology , these states would have had a fairly progressive stance on sexual identity as well .
[russia] just look at our exchange here , your tone and manner of speech is aggressive and you like to accuse your opponent of something , he never said .
[us] i think that it may very well be possible , that this agreement would actually lessen antiamericanism in europe , if i am right in that it would be at least as beneficial to europe as to america .
[russia] the elections were partly falsified and all candidates except pu are the same as every elections before  zuganov , zhirinovsky and another puppets , this time prokhorov and mironov .
[russia] and afaik this case is nt unique  there are a lot of people in russia without any citizenship , many of them are ethnic russians as you could guess  there is even official term for that   person without citizenship         .
[us] no future senate or congress  no future president could be allowed to change the decision  which the free trade agreement had carved in stone .
[russia] this was an undeveloped , backwards region with little to no people and production , defending this piece of land would be a nightmare , if japs somehow cut off transsiberian railroad .
[us] it s a open secret we sometimes ran exotic platforms to force the soviets to turn on various radarsensor platforms , a lot of ufo sightings can be attributed to these exotic platforms in ages past .
[us] the nazis took the swastika though and used it to represent their bullshit heritage , so i do nt think it s  that bad  that a bunch of nonracist people are taking the confederate flag to represent their actual heritage .
[russia] guys , have a look   russia currently have no factories to make this chips   the contractor chosen by russian government is already under us sanctions and unable to order manufacturing to oem overseas .
[russia] the problem with siberia as i got it is refugees ca nt choose what region to go to , they only get free transportation and allowance in a random region , including siberia and many others , though many regions are already out of quota and ca nt take more refugees .
[us] they re no longer created watered down versions of what they want to do just so they can make a living , they can create their vision and connect directly to their audience .
[us] moreover , mountain top removal mining makes up less than 30  of coal production in west virginia , and less than 3  of total us coal production .
[us] unless people are coming into the warehouse to pick up their goods in person , it s hard to argue that these workers are retail .
[russia] moscow is worried that the russian market could be flooded by cheap goods from the eu that would hit russian producers .  to prevent that , moldovarussia trade deals will be limited or scrapped away completely .
[us] however , your country has not been targeted the way that the us , the uk , or even spain has been targeted , and thus you have the privileged of taking a slightly more rational approach to the subject .
[russia] i ve already decided if i wo nt get the passport during this or next week i ll depart without any documents and will try to get them either in belarus or in kazakhstan .
[us] eh , personally i think no marriage should be recognized by the state and only   civil partnerships   should be , both for gay  straight .
[russia] if you read her bio , she used to head the  agitation and propaganda  agitprop  department  of the young communists of east germany , or something like that .
[russia] so you re comparing two senior officers of major intelligence service with somebody who even theoretically do nt have access to any inside information besides hearsay
[russia] i find that correlation between 86  of regime supporters and 83  of people who do nt have a passport says more about the roots of problem than anything else .
[russia] the older one who did it in  03  04 said it was horrible , physical and psychological torture , but it left him a better and more capable man .
[russia] and here is for your notion about germany being the sole fascist regime in europe at the time httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistoffascistmovements here is some more if you have time httpen.wikipedia.orgwikifascismworldwariandaftermath.281914.e2.80.931929.29  if you do nt , pre ww2 and ww2 part would be enough  if you are interested , read in wiki about spanish civil war especially the part which side supported soviets and nazi s .
[us] anyway , the larger point just was that in every country on earth people disagree , and just from watching the news of whatever is no grounds to think it is particularly worse anywhere .
[russia] as of now , his fate is in limbo , he is under house arrest on questionable charges , but from my pov  i ca nt speak for all the russians obv  it will be hard for him to make a career , people do nt trust him enough .
[us] yet ... they re a federation with an actually proper upper house ... an i brought up the american bit because you re acting like a condescending bitch  i wanted to get a rise out of your inferiority complex .
[us] according to odenberg , the pipeline motivates russian navy presence in swedish economic zone and the russians can use this for military intelligence should they want to .
[russia] i am in germany right now  though i am russian  and all i see on youtube are disgusted comments from germans  i guess youtube detects geolocation  .
[us] in football , if the crowd is loud enough the qb ca nt communicate with his linesmen , thereby causing penalties or blown plays .
[russia] itt  emotional response for speculations and hearsays , germany is literally molotovribbentrop sellouts , germany is worst leader eu , how dare they think of anything except complete russian humiliation  which russian government does a pretty good job in itself  , lets break our ties with russia once and for all
[russia] it s personal because half of my family was killed in abkhazia during ethnic cleansing which was organized and managed by rufed military intelligence  the rest of my family became refugees and could nt get citizenship in rufed for 1222 years  grandmother died few months ago  without any citizenship  .
[us] roma are a separate group that seemingly wish to stay separate , and have done so through many chances of trying to integrate them .
[us] while the courts have applied rationalbasis scrutiny to classifications based on sexual orientation , it has been argued that discrimination based on gender should be interpreted to include discrimination based on sexual orientation , in which case intermediate scrutiny could apply to gay rights cases .
[russia] unknown third party snipers are shooting both sides of conflict simultaneously   httpwww.google.comtranslatehlenampslruamptlenampuwww.gazeta.ru2fpolitics2fnews2f20142f032f182fn6021913.shtmlampsandbox1   just like it happened in riga in 1991 , in moscow in 1993 , in ossetia in 2008 , in syria recently .
[russia] in russia we have zhirinovski , he is as jewish as they come , and yet he leads a farright party that typically leans towards antisemitism .
[russia] my initial response  which was downvoted into oblivion  was in response to initial donvito comment , everything else was just to try to portray  the state of world  prior and during the events .
[russia] there is nt much available because publishing articles with titles like  our regions are less integrated than eu countries  may result in jail term for  enticing separatism  .
[us] no i do nt , lots of doctors smoke or are overweight , i do nt see why i should give a shit , it does nt make there advice any worse because they do nt personally follow it .
[russia] lack of professionalism , general hatred and  dehumanization  for  the other side  , attempts to instigate fearterror , lack of training , perhaps personal reasons to dislike southeasterners to name a few .
[us] the people in the south in the us often have completely different views than mine , and sometimes their opinion wins out in elections , but any talks of secession  or kicking the southern states out  is never regarded as a serious option just because they have a different view .
[us] anyone with an urban economics background be able to shed light on how , if it is even possible , a gkverment can project the roi on a project like this
[russia] and i do nt know who call the invasion of iraq  that s how it s called in wikipedia  liberation , except maybe official usa propaganda .
[russia] however , if it is modernized ... it could affect our nuclear capability and in that case a political decision may be made to deploy iskander systems in the kaliningrad region ,  he said in an interview with rt television .
[us] this comment is representative of the glovesoff manner in which american and israeli officials now talk about each other behind closed doors , and is yet another sign that relations between the obama and netanyahu governments have moved toward a fullblown crisis .
[russia] the fact that you utter the words  proukrainian  in a casual way indicates that you re some kind of putin worshiping freak of nature .
[us] that s one reason why neorealism is nt popular in europe , because the eu was invented precisely to  doaway with war  , which incorporates the assumption that european nations  can  be certain of the intentions of other eu member states .
[us] a lot of stupid comes out of my head  , how close is belarus to russian ideals than the way the rest of eastern european countries are headed  post soviet
[russia] belev   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibelev  is a small town that was once contested between moscow and lithuania  check out its location  and that was famous for its fruit puree  pastila  confectionery before the revolution .
[us] but the fact is that study of this takes much longer than it does to actually frack and do you think they re waiting on the science to go ahead and make money
[us] of the countries in the  very high human development   49  segement of the hdi report , i would say only cuba is in opposition to the us .
[russia] 100 years general brusilov destroyed all austrian divisions , 70 years ago soviet army occupied austria , we stationed there to 1955 , we should not have left austria  audience laugh  .
[russia] salvador allende of chile  president nixon made it clear in 1970 that a cia assassination of the new leftwing president would not be unwelcome .
[us] now they have much better  looking  research , and they re trying to expand genital cutting practices into asia and south america and maintain legal protection of genital cutting in europe despite the majority of european doctors opposing  elective  destructive genital modification  especially northern european doctors  .
[russia] that s old data , bbc mentioned in their articles that as long as the ukrainians are allied with tatars , the ethnic russians wo nt be making any headway there .
[russia] and the eu is literally christ the savior come to sweep ukraine off its feet into a new golden age , with no blame and no imperialist goals .
[us] i m not saying that they are more hyped up , just explaining that both the us and europe have diehard fans who love their teams .
[russia] according to levada polls , number of russians who think that homosexuality is an acceptable sexual orientation  shrunk from 20  in 2005 to 12  in 2013   httpwww.levada.ru17052013obshchestvennoemnenieogomoseksualistakh  , number of russians who  absolutely agree  with statement  gays and lesbians should enjoy the same rights as all other citizens  shrunk from 17  in 2005 to 7  in 2013 .
[us] combine that with the fact that all news in russia is essentially state controlled now , and they have been proven time and time again to blatantly lie for propaganda ...
[russia] source of this information is just a facebook post however i m inclined to believe it having my own experience with rufed s army  my family  ethnic russians  was killed with support and  green light  of russian federation in abkhazia  total  80k russians were either killed or expelled  .
[russia] in the case of op s comment the purpose was not to provide a literal quote but a satirical one delivering the general sentiment .
[us] the big three need to get together and agree that russia is fucking over the eu bit by bit and put an end to it .
[russia] my favorite links   third of russians think sun spins round earth  poll   httpuk.reuters.comarticle20110211scienceusrussiapolleducationscienceiduktre71a5b920110211   1 in 4 americans believe the sun revolves around the earth   httpblogs.discovermagazine.comimageo201402171in4americansbelievesunrevolvesaroundtheearth.u3t6pmsyso  in addition , billions of people believe in existence of long bearded imaginary friends .
[russia] i do nt read rt , but i do find it funny that what they post is instantly marked as propaganda , but shit like in op s post is regarded as truth without any question .
[russia] if you buy  freedom cheese  , this means you do nt buy a normal dutch or french one , which in the long run , hurts their respective manufacturers .
[us] sorry that is hysterical for me to have russians treat putin like a living god hero and then other accuse him of working for usa .
[us] it involves removing and damaging healthy and normal female genital tissue , and interferes with the natural functions of girls  and women s bodies .
[us] significantly , the three house leaders called on the administration to begin research and development on deployment sites for new u.s. intermediaterange groundlaunched cruise and ballistic missiles , if russian refuses to return to compliance with the inf accord .
[us] if they have accumulated savings abroad , returnees can also help establish innovative new businesses , adapting successful models that they encountered during their years abroad .
[russia] the only people lacking intelligence are those buying the western media s propaganda hook line and sinker , as if the maidan were a fairytale revolution that could only be opposed by evil evil people .
[us] since they are located mostly in the middle of cities and i live in a suburb it s hard to imagine even one lives here , but i bet if you go to the middle of downtown cincinnati or something you d see a few and be like omg they re taking over the country
[russia] let s unpack  not  unpackage   them one at a time    when gessen wrote that russia s fertility rate  still has not recovered  , she is referring to the gorbachevera peak of 2.2 , from which it has .
[russia] russian state owned companies also financed abroad , which is why corporative debt of russia was  700  bln  , now they ca nt afford it and companies like rosneft asked recently for 40 bln  from state .
[russia] i believe there are well equipped military units in the region and tanks , cannons , apcs will be left in place in case of rufed fall  so invading force has good chances to meet somewhat strong and wellarmed resistance so for lithuania it s simply impossible task .
[us] or , and this is just a thought , spend what you are supposed to as the richest country in europe and do nt invade it .
[us] but america s role remains essential , not least in providing airtoair refuelling , as well as intelligence and reconnaissance for the european allies .
[russia] this was a signed legal treaty that was also ratified by parliaments of both countries in 2010 and , of course , nothing could be done about derailing this  legal treaty  , whatever political leverage applied , right
[russia] also , from what i heard , black guys are easily getting all the girls esp. , in distant areas because they look  exotic  .
[us] only 9 million people or so in your country , but its 3.5  of your population which is a very significant minority for voting sakes and public policy .
[us] also that is a ridiculous cheap shot to have someone from the diverse country of poland to talk about racial tension in other countries .
[russia] note  russian railroad monopoly is notorious for idiotic practices which  result in horrible catastrophes   httpru.wikipedia.orgwikid096d0b5d0bbd0b5d0b7d0bdd0bed0b4d0bed180d0bed0b6d0bdd0b0d18fd0bad0b0d182d0b0d181d182d180d0bed184d0b0d0bfd0bed0b4d0a3d184d0bed0b9    ukraine has  stopped delivery of weapon components to russia   httptop.rbc.rueconomics31052014927562.shtml   up to 30  of components in russian icbms were manufactured in ukraine  , kremlin propagandists are lying how it will help russia to create production plants for these components   senator fedorov is  trying to create a law to mark media agencies as  foreign agents    httptop.rbc.rupolitics29052014927212.shtml  for having 25   foreign investments  i.e.
[us] yes , having the internet full of people that think everything wrong in the world is controlled by usa and using  where is the proof  to end every thought makes the internet much better in comparison .
[russia] i would like to extend my apologies to the longsuffering folk of donbass and novorossiya for the traitorsmarch that befouled the streets of moscow today .
[russia] require years of paperwork done ahead  which is simply impossible in my case since i do nt have any papers at all  , those which do nt  are nt much better than russia  south america for example  .
[russia] i m saying about present day s ties , armenia is not a medieval motherland laying overseas for an average member of said diaspora .
[russia] i get that you are  let the market do its thing  and  invisible hand of the market  type of guy , i am unfortunately not as optimistic .
[russia] in russia you will see an elderly smalltime businessman from cis  or transcaucasia who is too rich for a lada , who will drive only german cars , but a newer car is too expensive and too impractical .
[russia] tough words coming from a nation so weak now ... territorial disputes are a bitch , imagine if russia harboured such deep resentment for having lost crimea
[russia] during first 4 months of 2014 only 5 bandits were arrested and one killed , 110 illegal arms , 104 kilos of explosives , etc.
[us] the reason that you have peace in europe , is because the american military is physically located in europe , and we maintain the peace .
[us] interesting , i never knew exactly why you had to go through customs when travelling between say the uk and france , but not when travelling from france to italy .
[us] the russians in turn know that their activities are being watched as well and therefore keep the incursions as random as possible to not allow  staged  reactions from nato that may give false positives to russian expectations .
[us] early in 2009 , the european parliament was putting the finishing touches on regulations banning chemicals that go into some of the world s most widely used pesticides .
[us] the employers are gone , the government is supplying everything you need to live free of charge , and no one s obliged to contribute anything
[russia] in fact , there was no effort whatsoever from western elites to address this issue , thus i am skeptical that policy makers from eu or u.s give a shit about poor local population .
[us] if you are forced to keep your citizens in your country so they do nt see the outside world and want to leave then you re doing something wrong .
[russia] its nothing like that though , no one says ukrainians are savages or deserve to be treated like crap , what i am saying is that since ukraine got allied with russia in xvii century their territory over the years increased greatly , their population grew tremendously , they had opportunities for public and state service , they were protected from kebabpolish invasions , nazi extermination campaign and so on and so forth .
[us] and i do nt care if you do nt appreciate my comments based on nothing but my nationality  that s your problem , not mine .
[us] if i need to work 3 jobs just to keep a roof over my head i do nt give a fuck about looking things up on wikipedia .
[russia] little by little , acre by acre settlements being built , water resources taken control of and all the other israelian state problems being taken care of .
[russia] do nt tell me you already forgot wmds in iraq , kuweit ambassador daughter stories and all the other pieces of shit that was spewed for decades by government officials to justify what they wanted to do .
[russia] less trust  less engagement , less engagement  elites rot and  boil in their own juice  , social ladders do nt work , people angry , bad stuff happens .
[russia] i tried to be polite and argue in good faith as well , but the stuff i ve been reading between lines here and in other treads gave me an impression that the way europe  u.s envision the conclusion of the conflict slightly deviates from russian political reality .
[russia] what you are writing for me is borderline crazy and right there with  stalin was preparing to attack hitler , but hittler was too fast
[us] any media that is stupid enough to censor itself is allowing itself to get scooped by competition from all over the world and also to get bashed for it to top it off .
[us] i m gradually working my way through their docketed submissiins and trying to get a feel for how far the interchange has gotten on it .
[russia] and seriously ... yanukovich ordered to shot in his own citizens murdering almost 100 , he stole insane amounts of money , he illegitimately increased his own powers changing the constitution , he imprisoned his opponent in the presidential race , he fled to the country of aggressors that invaded his own country , and now from russia he says that  ukraine is  our  strategical partner  , in a few days he will be expelled from his own party , even his supporters putin and medvedev admit that currently he has zero political weight in ukraine , he had freaking golden bread in his residency
[russia] i obviously represent the entirety of russian population right here and not allowed to have fun or respond to insulting insinuations in any way , sorry i dared to open my mouth , this untermensh will go and quietly sit in the corner with vodka and krokodil now .
[russia] russia s current jingoistic policy the what  people have more of a problem with the russian leadership than russian culture yeah , there sure is a problem when the west did nt see a problem at all with permadrunk eltsyn and with disastrous  free market  economical reforms that put most russians to the brink of poverty , but suddenly when russia gains some strength , there are tons of troubles here and there .
[russia] the countries that were annexed was as you said earlier  a buffer  or a collateral , something that made perfect sense at the time if you were to get off your mighty moral horse and look at the global disposition of forces at the time .
[us] yeah , let s face it  this is nt about child abuse , this is about people in your country thinking that circumcised penises look funny .
[russia] people loose their jobs and no one gives a shit about them , because they either outsource their job to chinaindiasea or simply buy a legal  slave  in form of gasterbaiter who will work for 15 , 110th of wages .
[us] it s also  very  nice to not have to go to fast food w  doener kiosks all over in europegermany , they re usually open until 3am on weekends , and they re many times situated in quite convenient locations .
[us] plus it would get the smaller countries like hungary in line because there are too many benefits in eu for hungary to run counter to majority of eu .
[us] i like to come here to learn about europeans and europe , not to see racially inspired posts everyday edit  referring to the op , not the actual article itself
[us] what makes you think russia is nt fucking with eu by attacking countries that eu makes trade deals with and set on the path of joining
[russia] i m sure in most cases it s somewhere in between of theese extremes and depend a lot on where these people were born and in what region are they trying to process their naturalization .
[us] isil can not defeat turkey , it can not defeat iran , it can not defeat israel or the alliance of sunni states that would have formed anyway without western leaders thrusting themselves in front .
[us] it is quite incredible that in 100 years europe went from the bloodiest continent in the world with stark divisions to the unity that we see today .
[us] also , there is something called  drive by doctoring   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.htmlr0  where people often get huge out of network bills . . which insurers wont pay a penny of .
[russia] dash cams are used for two reasons  1  to document events because investigation is not transparent and can be easily affected with bribes  courts do not do anything but assign severity of finesjail terms   video makes bribes too high to pay in case of minor accidents  still police can destroy videos if paid enough  and 2  to prevent abuse from police itself .
[us] nuclear power plants are designed to disconnect automatically from the grid in the event of a local power failure or major grid anomaly  once disconnected , they begin the process of shutting down the reactor s core .
[us] if the irreversible ttip energy deal was forced though , the price of electricity in the us would soar , to world levels , which are much higher .
[russia] they almost always were granted one , but they still needed to make a formal request and provide case details and a good reason .
[us] germany has a big , big problem   httpwww.armedforcesint.comnewsreportshortfallsgroundgermanysaircraft.html  with their aviation , even though by all rights they should be spending enough money to keep most of their aircraft operational .
[russia] overall , i expressed my concerns on reddit a couple months ago , that one of the worst things i fear could happen  would be slav on slav action .
[us] maybe they ll just lead off with clubs and tazers instead of guns , but that s still force  and if you manage to overcome the clubs , you know that the cops are going to return with even more force , whether that means guns or just more officers  .
[us] 4 since they refer to gats rules , it goes  country by country  so nothing said about any other country matters as to what is included or exempted , also gats which they refer to as their goal ,  states that the eventual goal is total privatization   httpwww.wto.orgenglishresebookspeanalyticindexegats03e.htmcomm  .
[us] its leaders have squandered two years of respite , granted by the pledge of mario draghi , the european central bank s president , to do  whatever it takes  to save the single currency .
[russia] however i hope i wo nt become redditrich from commenting military conflicts ... update   militants have abandoned airports   httplenta.runews20140228simfer    crimean population has created petition to putin to avoid using military forces in crimea   httplenta.runews20140228nowarplease  .
[russia] because crimean tatars welcomed nazis and more than 10000 of them joined nazi army while others tried to betray and expose local resistance on any opportunity .
[russia] it s a fairly old philosophical debate       ,                 translation   russia can not be understood by mind , can not be fathomed by a common measure , it has a unique trait  russia can only be believed in   f. tyutchev , 1866
[us] on the other hand , how would it look if the icc were spending hundreds or thousands of manhours prosecuting israel for a handful of deaths when rwandan warlords responsible for thousands of deaths are not prosecuted , or bashar alassad , or any one of the hundreds of people or entities who have killed orders of magnitude more people than israel
[us] please continue to avoid your obligations while being one of the richest countries in the world and referencing things from decades ago as if it has anything to do with the here and now .
[us] i think drawings of child pornography should be encouraged as it causes the demand for actual children to go down while fake children become more common .
[russia] labelling valid version of events which is backed up by some evidence  although not irrefutable , but it does nt seem like they want to investigate it properly for some reason , not that they can do it  as  conspiracy theory  because it s not popular in the western media , just to move the whole discussion about it into the  conspiracy theory  domain is very cute also .
[russia] my grandparents have a pretty snazzy farmstead , but while they do have indoor plumbing and bathroom , they use an outhouse pit toilet .
[us] additionally , the huge drought in the us southwest , if it continues , will eat up a lot of that energy because it will require pumping water long distances  or giving up on entire sections of the country , which is politically impossible .
[us] the palestinians have never made a valid argument for why they would sacrifice their very independence for the chance to cut a bleeding line through the heart of a city .
[russia] personally , i m aware of the fact that the burden of responsibility of the ruble plummeting mostly lies on the shoulders of the leader and the incompetent government .
[us] most european countries do not have this sort of control , and therefore in a waiting game , i d still put my money on putin .
[russia] the two choices were to became russian or became an autonomous republic in ukraine on the terms of the crimean constitution of 1992 year  which basically means that crimea remains ukrainian but can decide for itself with which countries do business  .
[us] one man was so incensed that he slapped mccarthy three times in the face , yelling that he was not french and that his work had no business in the square , before running off .
[us] many european medical organizations and authorities have acknowledged the cultural bias in , for instance , the aap s recommendation of parental choice in nontherapeutic   elective  genital cutting of children .
[russia] if the ukrainian people and government are not happy with what the eu is offering  on the basis of it not taking into account the strong ties with russia  , they are free to reject that .
[us] otherwise , in my opinion , only rich people would really be attracted to the position since they d be the only ones who could probably live comfortably lowpaying political office  not to mention i think it helps deter bribes .
[us] and with an agreed on border , israel could essentially wall off palestine if they want to  which they are already doing in some way anyway  and keep everyone out .
[russia] even before ukraine it was  everybody hates chris  starring as russia in main role , after that its just nonstop carnival of russia hate train .
[us] which was my problem with op s titlethread in the first place  then again , i know i can come across as too touchysensitive sometimes .
[us] but manufacturing still has nt completely rebounded from the recession , i m worried that a too quick rise in the dollar will hurt that rebound , energy boom or not .
[russia] a lot of antirussian news are heavily upvoted and usually at the top of the front page here , anti russian comments have more positive score than pro russian ones , the quality of news are right there with sundaily mail , fox news etc.
[us] significant  is like saying  that guy was 20 feet from the shore and i threw him a  significant amount  of rope   but he still drowned
[russia] that i have family in kiyv and donetsk and kharkiv apparently does nt matter , because 13 of those cities is getting liberally shelled and i feel like socking the next smug little western fuck who tells me that using grad is ok because apparently russia is holding a gun to the head of those who order its fire .
[russia] the reason i even responded to your comment is that i have seen quite a number of ukrainian commentsopinions  from officials as well  with similar worldviews and it puzzles my mind how can you even believe that any of that is even remotely possible .
[us] so , outside of defanged ceremonial bullshit and feelgood organizations like the commonwealth ... what country has the strongest relationship with canada in a practical sense
[us] not really anything rare , i do nt think many people want open borders , that would be a disaster , just making it easiernot any harder to immigrate .
[us] most americans  not the trolls  come here to learn what europeans are thinking and to learn things about europe that are nt covered enough in our media .
[us] when i posted this , the only discussion in the thread was germany vs austria , not touching any of the other major economies like france or italy .
[russia] the reason im asking is because i ve seen plenty of cherrypicking footage with zero followups , sort of like implanting information in people subconscious to manipulate them into your pov .
[russia] it can help to capture those  unknown  gru snipers which operate for like 25 years already  and it s not that expensive as 200500 tanks to repel russian invasion following  lack of evidences   and reaction from useu  about russian military presence in the region .
[us] although washington took a back seat in the war , which the obama administration looked at skeptically from the start , the united states still ran the initial stages , in particular the destruction of libya s air defenses , making it safe for its nato colleagues to fly .
[russia] eastern  czech rep , poland , slovakia , hungary , romania , moldova , the baltic states , belarus , russia , ukraine , dnr , lnr p dubious  turkey , georgia , armenia , azerbaijan , israel , kazakhstan .
[russia] i would nt call that  invading ukraine  especially since the land has belonged to russia until it was illegally handed over to ukraine back in the 50s .
[us] the us federal government takes money from the rich states and distributes it to the poorer states to ensure that they have enough to spend of roads , schools , etc.
[russia] and it certainly does nt need any of the problems that would inevitably arise from having a country on the path to joining the eu being in the sphere of influence of russia .
[us] people getting online and whining about how worthless and expensive their degrees are are nt doing themselves or anyone wishing to get an objective opinion any good without saying where they went and what they majored in .
[russia] it s a bloody mess and kiev paints it as an impending victory , when they ca nt even train , equip , or coordinate its battalions .
[russia] i realise that a real alternative to putin  or state capitalism  does not exist right now , but then it was never present historically either .
[us] south korea now is one of the world s largest economies and a large part of that is due to the us pumping billions of dollars into sk and sharing technology and industry with sk .
[us] they have to spray to keep it down ... malaria has been eradicated in 1974 but then it came back , when they stopped spraying
[us] i then proceed to buy everything that i possibly can using my credit card , with the only exception being cash for small local coffee shops and my barber .
[us] a better approach to making business more stable would be a global shared initiative to wean the entire planet from fossil fuels and nuclear fission .
[us] there is a huge push going on right now to push through ttip which with or without the energy chapter which i m told either way would likely mandate the end of the us energy export ban , which would allow us energy prices to rise to something more like the global average levels , something that would have wide ranging effects on america and americans who are already reeling from huge increases in the cost of health care and rx drugs in the last few years .
[russia] i get that majority of it is not european union doing  though judging by syria and libya cases , some of you were more trigger happy than others  , but maybe you should talk with your  key partner  .
[russia] western ukraine  up to rivne and khmelnytsky  , central  up to sumy , poltava , kirovohrad  and eastern  the rest  are turned into federal states .
[us] which the uk already signed . . thats why the nhs has been subjected to all the privatization that has occurred to date , you know .
[russia] this chain of comments started as a discussion of random bystanders comments and attitude , while you started blaming people left and right , refusing to hear anything that deviates from you narrative .
[russia] crimea joining russia means kremlin will need something else to destabilize ukraine  to delay and maybe prevent it from joining eu and nato  and we have high chance to see invasion into donetsk , kharkov , dnepropetrovsk and other ukrainian cities  or massive unrest and escalation of violence among locals with help of russian intelligence up to  unknown  snipers shooting both sides of conflict simultaneously  like it happened in case of ossetia and georgia during spring and summer of 2008  .
[russia] if eu treaty would be signed , i believe commentators even here acknowledged that a lot of ukrainian industry would fall apart and closed down , so european union would need to fund educational programs as well  if you destroy someones job , its a good idea to give them another one or skills to get a new one  .
[russia] this hypocrisy is nothing new for russia  just like all these officials who talk about terrible gayrope , but send their children to study in this very  gayrope  .
[us] , and have that represented in our votes , while simultaneously having a backup where we can say  well , if we ca nt have things our way , we would most like to support these guys  .
[russia] on its own germany would be a poor house like any other developing nation , but thanks to the past five hundred years of european imperialism , it has places like se asia to provide for its basics at artificially low prices , made possible only off of the exploited labor of hundreds of millions , and consequently ,  all the emissions associated with that production  .
[russia] christ , i hope that you are a ukrainian who never left ukraine , because outside of ukraine things are really different , upa is nt some funny romanticised part of the national epic .
[us] it s in your interest to see that continue , because that way the americans will be compelled to keep forces in europe , and to treat you like little children who ca nt be trusted , should the united states go away  and that way , the american pacifier will remain intact .
[us] it s silly that the government is bragging about running a surplus when there are crumbling bridges and highways . . it s like bragging about having a wallet full of cash when you have overdue bills on the table .
[us] lol   libya , europe and the future of nato  always waiting for the u.s. cavalry    httpwww.economist.comblogscharlemagne201106libyaeuropeandfuurenato   america was visibly reluctant to get involved , let alone lead the action .
[us] his tour group had a huge rider about what each venue must have in detail , what safety mechanisms and wiring had to be in place  because they had a crazy number of stage effects for the time , and improper setup was incredibly dangerous  , what food should be put out , etc.
[russia] any way , i was wrong about several things in my post , but that does nt change the fact that this was putin s attempt at  kgb humor   which was used several times during this callin  , that might seem callous to the westerners , but appears as perfectly innocent to me and every other russian , especially in the context of vladimir vladimirovich s full reply and the fact that the guy is getting his road .
[us] which is why germany is nt the one opposing a strong fiscal union with the appropriate transfers to help heal the south because it would endanger german influence  hegemony in the eurozone .
[us] its an archipelago of islands , narrow bays and inlets , however in most of those bays and inlets the water is quite deep .
[us] a poll shows that as many as 81 per cent of serbians believe they lived best in the former yugoslavia  hmmm ... now do they miss communism or actually just miss yugoslavia .
[russia] yeah yeah , since 90 s khokhols yell about evil russkies and how russia will crash and burn , yet look at you and ua .
[us] only relatively wealthy americans can afford to buy the low risk plans which dont have the aca plans narrow networks . . they can cost thousands of dollars a month .
[russia] like a certain person posts a wall of text , you find something you do nt like  grammatical error , inaccuracy , overexaggeration  and dismiss everything else that person writes hence onward
[russia] personally for me , the saddest part is that even people who belong to the westernized minority are losing the ground beneath their feet .
[russia] arrogant , snobby and cunning guys who stole all the money from blue collar workers   too many hipsters and lgbt persons , too many owners of expensive apartments , local girls wo nt date you unless you ve got a bmw or the useu passport .
[russia] furthermore , it s curious to note that the invited journalists were all handpicked  according to a member of the eu delegation  , and that it was in a  closed format  in which the invitees were forbidden from disclosing the location of the meeting .
[russia] in fact , nearly all russians to prefer to spend holidays on the beach under violent sun , than to knead snow at 6h daytime .
[us] by the way , when i say russia has attacked or occupied countries , it is because they have actually done this and are doing it .
[us] we can emphasize the very substantial and helpful support the usaf is providing to the french in mali in terms of isr , airtoair refueling , and logistic transport assets ,   said a french embassy spokesman .
[russia] a lot of things would depend on how eurussiau . s relations would develop , if west will keep on pushing into russian sphere of interest , russia will probably change the way it acts on international stage and be far less cooperative or understanding .
[us] but not to be culturecentric but what s a mound to a cathedral  well uh most mounds are places of religious worship , so ...  plenty of 200  year old missions in the american sw and more than a few 200  year old churches in the original 13 colonies .
[us] i think uk did the right move on how they managed the recovery , but do nt be an idiot by screaming bloody murder over something that you did nt actually do .
[russia] what u basically saying is , i am not gon na explain why people in mask are beating the shit out of someone on the streets , i will ignore a dude with an ak in a meeting and pretend that all is well , and right sector activists  this is mvd of ukraine speaking , not me  who killed 2 people and hurt others did nothing wrong .
[russia] i did nt believe  georgia shelled tskhinvali for no apparent reasons  version for a second  instead of  georgia shelled advancing russian motorized regiments which were there for like 12 hours before shooting has started but russia managed to convince everyone  but georgians  there were only peacekeepers   .
[russia] i can make a comment disagreeing with him but downvoting would make me complicit in the very thing russia is accused of right now .
[russia] even if you build a shit ton of lngs , either the price will go up or gasprom will lower the price to make it less economically viable , thus undermining the investmentfracking revolution to some extent .
[russia] you re confusing approval ratings of the glorious leader  were 86   with voting intentions  less than 50   and the percentage of people supporting the war with ukraine  about 15  , iirc  , all numbers taken from the   kremlin ass   polls of  levada centre  .
[russia] the point i m making is that this is a bit ironic considering that in ukrainian nationalist discourse , russians are nt so much slavs as a finnougricmongoloid miscegenated hybrid .
[us] albanian is definitely nestled firmly within the indoeuropean family tree , but it s like greek and armenian in that it does nt have any close relatives .
[russia] but the thing is that russians are nt happy with the ukrainian government either , they ve been throwing dirt at us for years .
[us] sarkozy and his party  ump  are in trouble with the law right now as they overpspent last elections and made fake bills about it .
[us] in a statement , the statistics office blamed latefalling summer vacations in some german regions and the ukraine crisis for the fall in exports and imports .
[russia] the point is that none of this would have been an issue if you just did nt go invading 25k specops troops in crimea  several thousands of troopsmercs in e ukraine .
[us] if you ask joe schmo blue collar worker he does nt give a fuck if the us is metric or imperial but he s spent the past 40 years with imperial .
[russia] that s ok , this sub will upvote any conspiracy theory as long as it is antirussian , i ve seen many ukrainianflaired  and others as well  users spout the craziest bullshit and get upvoted .
[us] the aim of negotiations on trade in services will be to  bind the existing autonomous level of liberalisation of both parties at the highest level of liberalisation  captured in existing ftas , in line with article v of gats ,  covering substantially all sectors and all modes of supply  , while achieving new market access by tackling remaining longstanding market access barriers , recognising the sensitive nature of certain sectors .
[russia] i do nt know what the swiss people s party thinks it s going to achieve here , but it s either going to be greater european integration  true european economic area membership  , or complete and utter isolation and economic turmoil .
[russia] russian paratrooper vasiliy is transported into the 30th century and becomes the only hope of planet earth against the murderous hordes of pangalactoamerican semitomacaques  .
[us] furthermore , i m not at all sure about what you re implying  what , that if it was nt for the postww2 re  education  curriculum , certainly at least approved by the us  the uk has lost its power by now  , that germans would nt have a guiltcomplex about ww2
[us] they probably hate the hkers because they are a fairly articulate group of young people with a clear set of demands which sound utterly reasonable to outsiders .
[us] if anything the middle class has a shit ton of complaining to do since their wages are nt really raising by much , but productivity is through the roof for awhile .
[russia] as a citizen i do nt give a flying fuck about our ancestry rights , we still do nt have any rights except personal ones on our soil .
[russia] germany  is  strong and it is very hard to compete with them on pretty much anything that they produce with their several centuries old industrial schooltradition  i am not blaming them , their work ethic is admirable  .
[russia] i do nt see where russia is to be blamed for their treatment of tatars , i mean , stalin does not represent russia anymore .
[russia] according   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikieducationinrussia  to a 2008 world bank statistic 54  of the russian labor force has attained a tertiary  college  education , giving russia the highest attainment of collegelevel education in the world .
[russia] you can disparage our surface navy , it was a collection of floating junkers , but the submarines were cutting edge , that was the pride of the soviet navy .
[us] while that may be a substantial part of denmark , it s much , much easier to start a company in omaha or denver or chattanooga than it is in nyc or la.
[us] ranks last among highincome nations on preventable deaths , lagging behind as others improve more rapidly  up to 84,000 lives annually could be saved if the u.s.
[russia] there is a huge difference between perception of 60s , 70s and late 80s even in russia , i think same can be applied to other warsaw pact countries .
[us] only shocked at how horribly it was handled by europe and how they still feel the effects over half a decade later while usa continued to grow .
[russia] a lot of it was on russian as well and quite a number of videos were debunked as fake being released by sbu , media and various  activists  , do nt you think it also creates a certain  information field  which implants certain ideas into subconscious
[russia] europe  germany partnership with less inadequate governments and resulting switch to more reliable sources of gas and oil will be enough for kremlin to go bankrupt in couple years instead of terrorizing russia and whole exussr region for decades having finances from europe .
[us] i kind of agree but like i said before , america ghettos are settled but are still terrible places , you need to combine it with massive education like you said .
[us] if jews know that doctors will tell the government that their child is circumcised and they ll be punished , they wo nt bring their babies to doctors .
[us] this is one reason why i want to go to college in europe ... i am so scared of being burdened with student loans as soon as i graduate .
[russia] in this respect , i admire  ujackblack2323 for his brutal honesty   russians are assholes and i would gladly go to war against them if we started one   .
[us] also kurdistan would be a much more humane country than most of the others there , and the kurds would finally have autonomy and their lives would dramatically improve .
[us] instead , my perception is that germans have taken a nationalistic , shortsighted approach in thinking that the current gravy train will continue chugging on forever .
[russia] after all , its part of your national identity to hate everything that has to do with russia or its history , nothing will change in the next 10 to 20 years .
[us] it is pathetic how some people in this sub could turn a positive piece about poland into a  usa fucking sucks , amirite ,  diatribe .
[russia] france was also considered a continental powerhouse at the time , together with britain , how much did they last and what would have happened to uk if la manche was not there
[russia] i ll give you a 99.9  that kremlin watched very closely how russia was portrayed , who said what , what was the general notion and so on .
[russia] sorry , for me the map showed the flight path but the url does nt seem to show it anymore , just the start and the end point .
[russia] nucleartipped defense is basically you explode a nuke in the air in the hopes that the blast will destroy the nuke coming at you .
[russia] the difference between me and you , is that i am more open minded and can try to understand the other side , for you  there is only one universal truth and you are its adept , anything that does not fit into it is dismissed , disregarded and thrown out to dumpster .
[us] the canadian ngo policy alternatives have  in my opinion  some of the very best writing on free trade agreements going back at least the last ten years .
[russia] yup , using gay in a sarcastic context to indicate that  gay  for europeans is as sacred as  good  and  democratic  makes me  and just generally lowlife piece of shit .
[us] for my car payment well , i ve never had payments on a car before just always bought them outright so i have no clue how much typical payments are .
[russia] because 1  if it was profitable to extract that gas then ukraine would nt buy it from russia  or at least they would extract it  and 2  it look like obvious attempt of kremlin propagandists to persuade public that donbass is valuable and worth fighting for .
[us] i d hope that this debacle will help force the eu to recognize that it needs to be more united in just about everything , not just with energy .
[us] new york gives 17.7  of it s gdp to the federal government  the federal government spends on new york an amount equal to 10.4  of its gdp in new york  this means that  to use your phrasing  the 7.3  figure in the new york case is how much money is collected from new york by the united states that is not used in new york in relation to its gdp .
[us] argentinians have a reason to complain if the u.s supreme court babysits wall street s vulture funds argentina has literally no reasonable grounds on which to contest their atrocious loan  repayment  behavior .
[russia] edit to your edit , i think russia started to care when 10k  brave freedom fighters with a taste for beheading  strolled into dagestan .
[us] unfortunately , so little is known about them that we have no way of knowing what they might have sounded like or if they were related to basque .
[us] 13 he that is born in thy house , and he that is bought with thy money , must needs be circumcised  and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant .
[russia] i believe these protesters are still roaming the streets , being armed with these weapons and mr. muzichko adventure footage suggests that i am in fact  right  .
[us] i ll be the first to admit things need to change in america , but we re not exactly at the bottom of the barrel like the picture many posters here are trying to paint .
[russia] its probably hard for you to grasp , but for example russian pension system was reformed quite a number of times already , they plan to change it again and already froze  accumulative part of pension fund  for 2nd year in a row and expressed desire to abolish it .
[russia] httplenta.runews20140127crimea  for this truly to be equivalent to what ternopil and ivanofrankivsk did , however , they would have also had to ban udar and batkivschina  .
[russia] if anything , invading poland , annexing the sudetenland , or even remilitarizing the rhineland were all viewed as being riskier at the time they happened , but these actions are not regarded as mistakes because they were successful .
[russia] if everyone in europe were happy giving hitler what he wanted without even trying to oppose him , then it s a bit silly to stand still , do nothing and hope that he wo nt notice you .
[russia] even if i add a percentage of people who speaks other  european  languages  or claims so  ... well , let s assume it would be 10  or so in total .
[us] a mining company is suing  el salvador   httpwww.italaw.comsearchsiteel2520salvador  over some vague right to mine even though it seems to me that it would be likely to foul the nations water supply .
[russia] god is dead , but considering the state the species man is in , there will perhaps be caves , for ages yet , in which his shadow will be shown .   friedrich nietzsche
[us] people should know that a russian submarine captain probably saved the world from wwiii by disobeying orders given to him by moscow during the cuban missile crisis .
[us] other scholars disagree , arguing that  homophobia  is distinct from sexism , in a sociological sense , and so treating it as such would be an unacceptable judicial shortcut .
[russia] people justify invasion , because ukraine started to bomb it s own land with citizens that stormed administrative buildings in defence from the coup .
[us] right now russia is the only one with a working manned spaceship , though you could stow away in the spacex cargo vessel and come back safely , some other living things in science experiments have .
[russia] as the article notes  i do nt know how much you or others here read of it  the antisemitism is nt disputed to not be prevalent in ukraine per se , but the important difference is that antisemitism is not institutionalised officially .
[us] i honestly never understood why germans never use credit cards , but now that i know that you guys do nt get nearly the same benefits it makes much more sense .
[russia] the reason i bring turkey  a constant support of euromaidan in western press  favorable coverage , ngos and other shit  is to indicate that perhaps you were quite interested in a certain outcome , pursuing your interests .
[russia] a shame , really , i wonder if all this could be avoided if  revolutionaries  would be a bit more restraint in their quest to obtain legitimacy in the eyes of the people .
[us] if even one country does nt get protected , every single alliance becomes essentially null and void and war could break out all over the world with countries thinking usa wo nt keep its word .
[russia] if russian intel had a hand in this , i wonder if this was deliberate , there were talks in runet before , about kremlin desire to  dump  militias and the entirety of southeast ukraine as public opinion and geopolitical situation is unfavorablehas shifted .
[us] as it would ve probably led to a prolonged first world war thanks to a stronger  more assertive hapsburg state   an possibly even the central powers winning   , or possibly no first world war at all   or more than likely just delayed it   if it could diffuse tensions in the balkans to a degree ... not to mention it would ve been harder for hitler to just walk in  annex austria with a huge united  influential state to resist such a move .
[russia] it s cool that you have your own definitions of words , but it does nt mean that words suddenly lost their meanings because of that .
[us] do you see why understanding the bizarre disconnect between things  like this   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  and  this , which is the real picture   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  , are also  or should be , very important to europeans
[russia] ru     httptop.rbc.rubusiness03102014542e90c6cbb20fb2530de663   since april russia has no missile defence satellites , first satellites of renewed missile attack warning system are announced to be launched in 2015 .
[russia] people just roll with it with no general plan or directions except a bunch of meaningless conceptsname tags such as   inequality  ,  austerity  ,  qe  and others .
[us] america is founded on immigrant culture if someone from old world , france came to the u.s. and brought his techniques for wine and it was past down to his children , is it not wine all the same why should it not be allowed because it was not made in some providence in france
[russia] the relevant articles of the ukrainian constitution follow  article 108 the authority of the president of ukraine shall be subject to an early termination in cases of  1  resignation  2  inability to exercise presidential authority for health reasons  3  removal from office by the procedure of impeachment  4  hisher death .
[us] here in the us , the community water systems have gradually been privatized in many areas and the effect has often been the opposite of what s promised .
[russia] court returns case against leader of the nationalist organization  league of moscow defense  daniil konstantinov , who was accused of murder  note  he has alibi   court returns case against russian leftist leader udaltsov to prosecutors  the defendants  lawyers say , the court has agreed to their application to have the case sent back to the prosecutor s office  to correct shortcomings in the bill of indictment ,  reports interfax .
[us] in this instance in portuguese waters the question was probably a matter of time , how long could they be inside the zone before they were spotted and intercepted
[us] i myself love the food that people such as my greatgrandmother makes , but i know that you ca nt eat it more than once or twice a week without some serious exercise .
[us] i have a friend who moved here from lichtenstein , he spent a month working at starbucks , and now is negotiating contracts for french corporations .
[russia] there is a significant lack of appreciation how  relatively peaceful  soviet union dissolved , i doubt it would happen again in the same way as it did before .
[us] 911 was like throwing a grenade at a hornet s nest and americans just wanted to fuck something up after getting punched in the mouth so unexpectedly in such a brazen attack .
[us] to make contact with iraqi and kurdish organisations , in iraq and in the uk , in order to build solidarity and to support refugees .
[russia] china and the ussr experienced growth at levels unparalleled by any nation in history , but were ultimately betrayed by a corrupt political class .
[us] while secretly wishing you were a dual useu citizen   edit   such downvote , wow , many eye roll , wow , is very of edgy , european so cool wow
[us] i do nt think its because they consider russia to fit their ideals , but that russia stands opposed to the west in their minds .
[russia] however there are also   customs offices  on roads   httpwww.youtube.comwatchv42ojxwrl6i  which act practically like real customs within country and attempt to pass them  as passanger  without papers may result in really bad experience .
[russia] you can well try to argue that the cultural diversity they bring is  good ,  or that europe  needs  the young workers , but you ca nt reasonably deny that the muslim minority in western europe as a whole is steadily growing from an already substantial one into a major one .
[russia] httpcensor.net.uanews14176yatsenyukpoobeschalchtoflotrf ostanetsyavkrymudo2017goda httpfocus.uacountry61126 httpwww.unian.netpolitics260754yatsenyukamenshevsegobespokoitbuduscheechfrf.html there was later an agreement between yanukovich and medvedev about prolongation of the lease for another 25 years after 2017 , called the kharkiv pact , but suddenly yanukovich is ousted and look who s back to power
[russia] i have relatives  grandmother and huge amount of her sisters and brothers with their relatives , for example i have 5 people in my ukrainian extended family online in skype right now  in there , near the place called hrebinka .
[russia] honestly , i do wonder if  reurope members actually , like , talk to people  europeans  in real life , as opposed to just circlejerking about it on reddit .
[us] i know for a fact there are some russians on reddit that live in the usa and enjoy all the creature comforts of the usa while hating it and thinking russia is amazing and defend everything putin does .
[us] that s presuming the process works which is a pretty big presumption when we mostly ca nt even figure out where the hell these people are coming from .
[russia] opposition in russia does not exist , there is a variety of reasons for that as well , i would put equal guilt both on opposition leaders and kremlin for that .
[us] 4  although isds became a regular feature of investment treaties in the 1960s , claims have ballooned over the past decade  57 known new cases were launched in 2013 alone .
[russia] sanctions do not operate like that , they have more of a mid and long term effects which would cripple future growth and create a number of problems later down the line .
[us] to a outside observer it seems as if you are leaning heavily on other people to do the fighting for you , if you wo nt even keep up your primary form of air defense .
[russia] context of the story  in the early june ukrainian commanders decided to close the border with russia that was almost completely open in luhansk and donetsk oblasts .
[russia] they were checked before entering by red cross and border service  although border service did their best to make it last as long as possible  .
[us] tisa is the most secret for a reason , its going to pit the skilled workers in the developing world against those in the developed countries .
[russia] no , it would be a crimean war when ukraine would be heavily rearmed and trained by nato specialists with a clear goal of  taking back whats rightfully ours  .
[us] have nt been there for a year , but back then the mods had political views and were nt afraid to let that influence their actions .
[russia] they re ethnic ukrainians whatever that means , and they are scared for their lives with a lot of banditism going on around them in the last week .
[russia] would you argue that portraying a particular nationality in a certain light  in this case russian  is counterproductive to discussion and would lead eventually to animosity and hatred
[us] i think we will end up discovering a way to perform controllable nuclear  fusion  soon , and then hopefully we will be able to  abandon fission  and its tendency to produce all this very dangerous waste , in the near future .
[russia] so , why does west act so surprised when russia engages in exactly the shit that they are doing  or ignoring with full knowledge of the issue  for decades
[russia] kievan rus  is more like  ukraine  now since ua is separate state now and its territory contain most of the kievan rus territory  which never included moscow by the way  they were rival states  .
[russia] i believe people insist for everyone to drink because alcohol is used as stress relief drug  instead of method of socialization  and they do nt want anyone to remember details of follow up  relieving  with puking , idiotic speeches , scandals between family members , brawling .
[us] and they are likely to just stick it in another fta  so saying something is nt in ttip is like saying it is in tisa .
[russia] do nt patronize me with doublespeak like  seem to be the only two countries left that think the way to gain power is to militarily take a chunk of another country .
[russia] problem for them is  they are needed for kremlin only as part of georgia  and it s still persist , kremlin can not afford yet another annexation .
[russia] we would gladly give you any independence you like , as long as we can elect a 15m steel solid wall with some electricity attached to it on the border first
[us] edit2   alright , so a organization whom s members ca nt agree on a single foreign policy , single military  proper fiscal union for their currency union   which a number of members ar nt even apart of  seem to be very reluctant to become apart of   , are apparently fully prepared to set a precedent which could severely endanger their sovereignty  territorial integrity by allowing the eu to divide up one of their nations .
[us] first off , north carolina has twice as many people as norway , so norwegian citizens have 2x the gdp per person as north carolina .
[us] but i never hear anything like  jews are cool  like i hear about blacktransgay people , do nt hear much projew or proisrael stuff like i do prowomen or prolgbt .
[us] we usually look at a timespan of a generation or so , the distant past is so remote that we just do nt consider that it plays such a huge role .
[russia] even if he did order it , i m sure he did nt cackle maniacally and press the button to kill 200  civilians , it was assumed this was another ukrainian army cargo plane .
[russia] you need a visa , and to get one you have to prove you ve got enough money and you know where you re going .
[russia] everyone keep forgetting putin  and country  does not fear weak economy  he got it in awful state just 2 years after default  people did not receive salaries and pensions for months and years back then  and managed to improve it a lot  and oil was cheap in early 00s  .
[russia] do note that if you are going to build a pulp or paper mill , the company doing the investments needs to be sure on what is going to happen in the next 2030 years and be sure that nothing jeopardizes their investment .
[russia] i did nt mean to use sarcasm and especially  to offend anyone  i just compiled two facts  1  benito mussolini and 2  russia has  state capitalism   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikistatecapitalism   state socialism economical formation  mussolini was its fan  with distinctive features of fascism  aggressive nationalist ideology , suppressed workers unions and public political activity , jailing and killing political opponents , etc.
[russia] now imagine that it was the ussr with their industry intact that sent aid to the us and then said that the us would nt have won without said aid .
[russia] not anymore , the court case does not even need to exist , they can just peer into anyone s life just because they feel like it .
[us] and if that is happening we will very soon desperately need all of our domestic natural gas , to desalinate seawater and then move the fresh water hundreds or thousands of miles , or  millions and millions of people may have to move  nobody knows where , and food in the us could increase dramatically in cost .
[us] i have lots of experience with bureaucracies and lots of experience with hmos and also lots of experience with astroturf and their smear campaigns , and that sounds a  lot  more like a us hmo than the uk s nhs .
[us] throughout my lifetime , i have consistently seen articles  particularly written by journalists outside the us  talk about europe s dwindling perception of america .
[us] we also wear a lot of really cheep clothing compared to europe where most stuff is very expensive compared to when i m here .
[us] iirc , is nt this because the eu officially takes britain s side , which is that there is in fact no territorial dispute at all
[russia] west does it to the separatists in ukraine  separatists  in ukraine intentionally commit  criminal acts intended or calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public  against ukrainian civilians , hence they are terrorists .
[us] instead it s split up over dozens of militaries with huge redundancies ,  differing requirements   httpwww.thelocal.se2011040733058  , political infighting ... basically a situation that only looks good at first glance without taking too close a look at it .
[russia] ministry of foreign affairs of russia says russian tourists are in danger in  western  ukraine and ukrainian authorities can not protect them  after episode  feb , 21  where russian bus driver was shot by protestors who thought there are proyanukovich militants  titushki  in the bus .
[russia] defense contractors employ  2 million people in russia , if they ca nt finish their job , because western companies refuse to supply them with  double purpose  productstechnology , they might loose their job and russian modernization of an army goes to shit as well .
[us] nato must have full trust from all sides to be effective , remember its going to take a week or two for u.s. to get there if war breaks out and thats if the other side does nt try to stop us with subs or an air force .
[russia] i m not sure the neighbours will allow their son to play with the son of an exfelon . . your child may be affected by your past ... you may lose your position in the parents association , people at work will dodge you etc. . . your wife could be affected also and your life may be crush just because your neighbour was curious . . simple example like that are a reason to be forgotten .
[russia] my grandmother was born in a gulag though so do nt bother trying to make out like the baltics suffered any more than russia from stalin s policies .
[russia] at least we could have clear measurement for government s effectiveness  amount of citizenships sold per year   besides gdp which does nt tell anything about quality of life .
[us] the third major mission area where france needed assistance was in isr , but air force officials at the pentagon declined to discuss how the service met that request .
[us] that will basically play the middle class in the developed world off against the skilled workers in the developing world in ways we have never seen before .
[russia] it s relatively rich  the only decent sea resort in the country  and it s caucasus  it s much less  patriotic  than  average  russian provincial town .
[russia] also , i have come to the conclusion that those issues might not even be all that malleable to radical change within the timescales of political cycles .
[us] that is one of the main points of democratic politics , that is one the main points of representative democracy , to compromise with people who disagree with you .
[us] in the us you can get credit cards that you have to pay off in full no matter what each month  the amex green card is a classic example  , but it still earns you points .
[russia] either human rights declaration and constitution  fair public court trial  works for all or for no one  and  no one  variant is exactly that happens in russia where your case in court in 99.7  of cases result in a sentence and actual  trial  process is nt even remotely fair or transparent when it s performed by uncontrollable police and fsb .
[us] the author takes it as evidence that the ancestors of the finns and sami lived to the north of the aryans past the urals  and relations were nt good  , and that means they were still living past the urals after the aryans differentiated from other indoeuropeans i.e.
[russia] this is reality for russia and a number of other countries , media manipulates masses everywhere to some extent , the difference usually is in level of said manipulation  antiisis , proausterity , antirussian , pro war and so on  .
[us] i know you guys think maybe i m bullshitting but seriously if you talk to old people here in the us they are fucking insane .
[us] 7  ehv transformers are made to order and customdesigned for each installation , each weighing as much as 300 tons and costing well over  1 million .
[russia] i do hope that russia one day improve enough to be accepted in european family , but we are miles away and it seems like we are rowing in the opposite direction
[russia] it crushes diverse nations and cultures under the same bland , neoliberal , and anomic anglooligarchy that dominates most of the rest of the world .
[us] a lot of people automatically assume all roma are evil people but it is how they were raised , if you want to change them it must be done when they are young , and stop the hate against the young ones , they have no choice in their life .
[russia] putin had majority of votes in most parts of the country  except maybe moscow and st.petersburg  , but the results were always manipulated to assure legitimacy of his presidency .
[russia] public is too weak to resist and eat everything this government has to offer including obviously destructive actions which are against everyone s interests in the long run  like training chechens to fight against georgians in abkhazia just for the very same chechens to become  freedom fighters  and kill thousands rufed soldiers few months later .
[russia] excuse me , the roads in russia are a nightmare , the houses fall apart in the broad daylight , cities smaller than st. petersburg and moscow are nearly impossible to live in since there are no jobs there and the corruption and bribery is everywhere with no control .
[russia] government consist of people as stupid as it sounds , so the people in order to survive , went full fucking retard and betrayed themselves meaning  no more brothers and sisters , no more friends and communes , no more  trust  ,  only money  .
[russia] those who left  georgians , ukrainians , tajiks  do not have a better place to go  not yet at least  shops still have food here  .
[russia] it s not a problem in canada or switzerland , but in ukraine where 80  speaks russian it s suddenly a hell of a problem .
[russia] that s why ukraine should stop listening to the eu , should stop searching an ally in germany , etc. , and resume ato as soon as possible .
[us] americans are reeling already from obamacare which has been used to shift millions of americans out of affordable employer plans and into  high deductible health plans  which shift large out of pocket and  out of network charges   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.html  to them .
[us] i do nt think many people want to be constricted to the choice of escalating directly into nuclear warfare because you have no other conventional option .
[russia] their uniform does nt suggest much , besides the fact that they are wearing new russian  combat armor   httpru.wikipedia.orgwikid0a0d0b0d182d0bdd0b8d0ba   d1  8d  d0  ba  d0  b8  d0  bf  d0  b8  d1  80  d0  be  d0  b2  d0  ba  d0  b0   link in russian , use google translate  .
[russia] so arresting someone for  money laundering  does not make any sense except for declaration  surely it does not related to money laundering , it s just authorities abuse uncontrollable power again  .
[us] it s a silly thing to hold an interest in , i know , but just take a look at  this   httpwww.fhwa.dot.govpublicationsresearchsafetypedbike05085imagesfig1511a.gif  and you ll understand why .
[russia] i sincerely hope putin will try everything he can to get them on his side , i do nt see what he has possibly to gain from antagonising the tatars .
[us] it was actually during a major baltic exercise so it would have been pretty easy to just back out and leave early without making a fuss .
[us] however , the state knows it ca nt really prevent this from happening , so it will rely on health professionals to report it to the state when they treat a child who s been circumcised .
[russia] moscow kids love stories about the black hand or the last red bus  moscow old dude mr piontkosvky frightens us with stories about black putin who threatens to conquer the world while white putin , as we know , sits in a dark dungeon in chains .
[russia] in context of russia is almost liberal , he is far less nationalist than his opponents from kremlin , and he is a progressive force standing for right things .
[us] part of the reason i am writing all this stuff out , including me figuring out my  own  opinions , is to inform other americans that all that money supporting troops in germany and south korea is  wasted  .
[russia] russia has most of the world s tatar people , we have  pretty autonomous tatar republics  and the rumoured mistress of putin  alina kabaeva , there is a lot of evidence for this  is tatar herself .
[us] thanks to their professional and educational experiences abroad , returnees often foster the transfer of new technologies and encourage fruitful intellectual exchanges with the international labor force .
[russia] it also adds countries such as portugal , spain , the netherlands , uk and usa to the list of those guilty of past genocides  which also includes australia even on the strict definition  .
[us] but yeah , if you re living in nevada you have as much of a chance of seeing obama as you do seeing hollande if you live in bergerac
[russia] this is not a logical issue for russia but an emotional one , in russian media this conflict already shifted to a matter of  prestige  and if putin  co bends over , it is equivalent of political suicide for him .
[russia] armed thugs can not just occupy official buildings , declare a  republic  , abduct , torture and kill people , hold a sham election and expect anyone to recognize it .
[us] yeah but you re coming from the idea that eu will be an ally forever , if the eu became as country and became powerful they will challenge us and start getting ambitions which could cross our own , by joining with china we insure this does nt happen , i want europe to get powerful but i want it to be splintered so they are nt ever an actual threat .
[russia] watched bits and pieces of the movie , enjoyed music backgrounds of evil imperialist russia and a nice and light tune of poor little tbilisi  other minor things like comparison between living conditions of russian army vs georgian  it was no secret that russian side was poor equipped and looked hideous , hence rearmament campaign and so on i guess  , boris nemtsov in every single antiregime video it seems etc.
[russia] beating the shit out of the closest neighbor and showing middle finger to the rest of the world including cops  that is exactly how russian behavior looks like at the moment .
[us] i know this because i used to work with one of the  former  researchers that developed the technology  who now no longer has a pension to get himself through retirement  .
[us] french military heads threaten to resign over  grave  defence cuts    httpwww.telegraph.co.uknewsworldnewseuropefrance10852165frenchmilitaryheadsthreatentoresignovergravedefencecuts.html   french army , navy and air force chiefs and its joint chiefofstaff threaten to resign over military spending cuts , with jeanyves le drian , defence minister , warning they would render foreign operations impossible    france s top four military chiefs have threatened to resign if the government makes more cuts to their budget , with the defence minister warning a further drop in spending would leave it   unable to conduct new operations   abroad .
[us] so all the jews who can afford to do so will vacate your country and go to either america or israel , with a more firmlyentrenched bitterness about european antisemitism .
[us] the only meaningful communist country left is china , and it has moved so far from communism it is little more than the name of the ruling party .
[russia] whether you think that is warranted or not is irrelevant ,  russia  thinks it is warranted for russia to demand no nato bases on its borders .
[us] a far more likely scenario is a little green men attack , similar to ukraine , where you have 1  manufacturing of some sort of casus belli 2  partner with local separatists and 3  flood the place with troops on  vacation  .
[russia] being the lazy bastard i am , i wonder why do people continue to do so and how come they never even try to present something different to the table .
[russia] and we d be getting a war sooner rather than later if history is any indication ... that s besides the fact that signing such a document is effectively signing your own resignation so i do nt see putin doing this .
[russia] that s because buildings like yours are much harder to draw in archicad , while that new tallinn station is like ten polytopes , and modern architects are lazy .
[us] in contrast , the israelis do feel an existential threat from hardline palestinian nationalists , since hardline palestinians  demands amount to not only the replacement of israel by a palestinian arabrun state  at best , from the israeli point of view  to the ethnic cleansing or genocide of israeli jews  at worst  .
[us] one goal seems to be to create an impossible trap that entangles the noncorporate world inextricably before it becomes fully aware of this even happening . . or perhaps to eliminate any vestigial moral frameworks or sense of shared wealth or common sense or human dignity or human rights or justice , that might get in the way of the most extreme mercantile dominion possible .
[us] its my understanding that ftas are being passed that omit these contentious clauses  matthew rimmer in australia has written extensively about the options for those who wish to write  ftas which do not have these problems   httpworks.bepress.comcgiviewcontent.cgiarticle1264ampcontextmatthewrimmer  .
[us] and not only do we not need the us for our own catastrophe relief i would say that kicking out the russians from half of germany , where they had been for decades and essentially ruled , was quite a form of catastrophe relief , oder
[russia] when promaidan forces  has won  they thought that they could do as they please , it turns out not everyone felt the same way and now they have a  situation  on their hands .
[us] it seems to me that the need of  the grid  to maintain 50 hz  or 60 hz  must be intimately involves with the ability of that grid to recover from localized transformer failures .
[us] of course this leads to the inevitable but by now most countries have learned to avoid war and the idea of forming new wealthy city states within already functioning countries pretty rare .
[russia] belarus is rather poor , lacks democracy on the state level , but the quality of life is alright  although they still shop for food in poland , as it is cheaper there  .
[russia] now , this is a bit of a stretch , but after the fall of the soviet union russia probably felt  and to a certain extent was  treated like weimar republic and russians never forget , so there s that .
[russia] considering that there was only one case of baseless accusation from some ukrainian official without any attempt to push further , i think the accusation was indeed baseless .
[russia] i can understand that considering federal government was readying separation of whole krasnodarstavropol region during chechen wars and 98 default  they went as far as building of  customs office near rostovondon   httpwww.km.ruavto20140129dorozhnopatrulnayasluzhbagibdd730964medvezhiiantiterrorvtsukerovoibalke   similar building appeared in the end of 80s on the border of abkhazia and russia couple years before  official  fall of ussr .
[russia] lenin s theory of imperialism holds that in the age of monopoly capital , giant conglomerates in the centers of capitalism begin exporting capital to other countries in order to engage in superexploitation of labor in what we today call the  periphery .  additionally , we know that imperialist countries engage in predatory lending practices with periphery nations from which the imperialist countries profit .
[us] anyone with the tiniest bit of common sense will tell ya that you must not internationalize conflicts , but this is exactly what they did .
[us] i m simply giving an explanation for why american football stadiums scream and yell and try to make as much noise as possible instead of coordinating chants .
[russia] invade every nonnato state in europe before they join nato , treat the population old testament style , except turn the boys into janissaries and send them to guard our border with china .
[us] i then link my bank account to my credit card account so that every month , no matter if i m traveling or asleep or dead , my credit card balance is paid off automatically without incurring any penalty or interest .
[us] the swedish army will put up a bit of a fight but after a week or so , your government will surrender to prevent more bloodshed , even though maybe a couple hundred soldiers will have died .
[us] and really , the only reason this even happened at all was because of gorbachev stating that the soviets would not interfere in any other country s internal developments .
[russia] so if you could , you know , just talk to russians without this  two different opinions backed with power will 100  lead us to cold war , so we need to crush russians as quick as possible  .
[russia] that and also it s a basis for all kinds of propaganda like anything against putin s policies is automatically called against russia and oppositionists are called fifth column and traitors of the nation on federal tv .
[us] for that reason , it will be important for european policymakers to make investments in order to avoid widening inequality , not only in terms of income but also in terms of human capital .
[russia] if  something is not to western liking , they change it or assert a significant amount of pressure through economic  and other covert  means .
[russia] i m saying the prorussian protests should be viewed same way as proeu protests they will not be viewed the same , because they are different .
[us] i think it is ignorant to assume that just because a few wealthy north european countries are really good at english that learning english will lead to prosperity .
[russia] if i was told  go vote for a new president , the candidates are the same as last time ,  i would vote for putin .
[russia] unless recent events have drastically changed calculations , it would take decades for ukraine to join up  and that s comitant on there being steady support for eurointegration across multiple future administrations .
[russia] i see the crimean takeover as something that is unsurprising given putin s ambitions and the broken promises of the us not to induct any former warsaw pactussr nations into nato  given at the time of the dissolution of the ussr  .
[us] guys this is joe kernen , he s actually pretty smart  degree in molecular biology from mit  i m 99  sure this part was staged by him to add effect .
[us] yeah , i figured it might be something like that , but considering how ignorant many people are on americancentral subreddits about the republican platform i decided to speak up .
[us] when i said the us had nothing to do with the fall of the soviet union  that s where my apology partially came from .
[russia] to be fair , he says that  svoboda  is homophobic  to put it into context , most of the recent antigay bills were proposed by yanukovich s party of regions  .
[russia] he gained all of his initial approval by playing on patriotic and nationalistic sentiments of people terrified by news coverage of thousands of soliders dieing in chechnya , constant terroristic acts and abduction of people by chechens for human trafficking and ransom extortion .
[russia] he is an antiabortion activist and once publicly suggested that women should  lead the kind of lifestyle to avoid the risk of rape , including refraining from drinking alcohol and being in controversial company  .
[us] as for the embargo  it did nt exist until the palestinians started launching thousands of rockets  each of them a war crime  at israeli population centers .
[russia] i could nt care less if russians are just children of ukrainians , i do nt have an emotional attachment to this history , just pure scholarly interest .
[us] having spent 5 years in europe  germany  , i ve seen only minor differences , the differences of which  some  germans at any rate circle jerk over with the intention being to artificially inflate those minor differences into  a big cognitive clef for emotional purposes .
[us] well , i m sure your pizza places are as bad as our kebab places , so i think we re even , really .
[russia] i do nt want to see soviet flags or russian imperial flags in a russian demonstration , that s not a good sign  soviet flag is a mixed thing , sometimes you ll see it used in good intentions and sans stalin it was nt the craziest country , but there are still issues with using the flag  .
[russia] it seems kremlin want to negotiate his restoration in exchange for crimea  which is impossible   or just convince public russia is nt going to invade eastern ukraine despite they are clearly going to  protect russian citizens  asap .
[russia] as for something preventing russians from revolting first read this httpwww.reddit.comrworldnewscomments1z9j57putinaskforauthorizationtosendrussiancfrtb6m then this httpwww.reddit.comrworldnewscomments1z9j57putinaskforauthorizationtosendrussiancfrw0xh i wish there was a couple hours long movie or smtn , which would explain who are russians , how they came where they are now and what led to it , because i am tired of posting wall of texts trying to explain something very obvious to me , but hard to understand for people from other countries .
[us] ultimately , whatever is learned from this experiment could be used to good effect in space , to help us successfully move out of our comfort zone into the rest of the universe .
[us] i also was nt there when they named the towns but i can tell you that the history is that the settlers were ulsterscots .
[us] it s reversible but the main feature is that it s a simple piece of medal with the connectors on each side  so it wo nt break .
[russia] you can hear  not guilty  verdict in 1 out of 300 cases in  courts   they only appraise severity of sentence , but not the fact of  il  legality of cases    nato and nasa have stopped cooperation with russia , us government says they did nt ask nasa to do so   5 organizations  movie theater networks  were  fined for  16k euro each for  propaganda of narcotics    httpwww.kommersant.rudoc2446364   i.e.
[us] this was not sludge , it was clean clay mud . . you could sell it for beauty treatments or make pots out of it . . there were different colors . .
[russia] just because they were made in poland does nt mean russia does nt know how to build them , i mean , they were build for the soviet navy and back in the 70s the warsaw pact existed , with a tightknit cooperation .
[russia] simon shed some light on him   vitaly kovalchuk , a former member of the euromaidan selfdefense corps , who by his own admission came to sloviansk with a group of right sector radicals who tried and failed to capture guns from prorussia militants .
[us] i ve lived in germany for the last five years , and this topic is close to that which i have researched for university the last three or so years .
[russia] it would be nice if this sub had north korean flair so i could celebrate with everyone the direction in which russia currently is going
[russia] lukashenko will just issue a decree to implement a proper democracy in 6 months ... additionally , all the officials that either turn out to be incompetent in implementing democracy or try to steal the transitioningtodemocracy money will be jailed .
[us] all european countries rely on the us for aerial refueling , most countries would need to use forward air force bases and the maintenance crews would nt exist to keep the planes in the air , the command and control could be created independent of nato , but it would nt have much time to train with the new capability gaps .
[russia] are we talking here about an immediate trade war or possible trade war in near future , where resources would be lets say  harder to get
[russia] it turned violent when yanukovich tried to violently suppress it , including methods like using paramilitary gangs  see  titushky   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikititushky  and oplot  , destruction of protesters property  see burned and destroyed cars of automaidan s activists  , forced disappearances  up to 200 activists of maidan are still missing  , beatings  google e.g.
[russia] it will damage independent businesses and normal citizens , so it will enhance relative power of oil oligarchs and gasprom plutocrats who would still trade with china .
[russia] you put too much emphasis on a random piece of paper and completely ignore what they represent and what the  mood  was at the time .
[us] even right after this  peace  where russia created a russian puppet region and straight up stole crimea , they are telling ukraine they will retaliate if they trade with eu .
[russia] personally , my family was forced to flee the hunger in saratov in the 30 s caused by the famine or  holodomor  as it is called in ukraine .
[russia] crimean speaker konstantinov year ago said that the law was absolutely nonimportant for crimea , because special status of russian and crimean tatar languages in crimean constitution granted more rights to them than the law .
[us] the reason why people do nt fight is not because people are too comfortable , but too strained  student loans , stagnant wages , increasing cost of health care are all strains on people .
[russia] not to say that this was 100  orchestrated by cia yada , yada , but i do think that ngos and  foreign aid   informational background backing played its role .
[us] regarding services and investment , chapter 7 of the koreu fta states that all clauses of the agreement can be amended as long as they do not reduce the duties and agreements regarding market access , treatment of nationals and treatment of the mostfavored nation .
[us] by 2019 , the f35a  the air force version  will cost  75 million a copy in current dollars   85 million in good ole thenyear dollars , i.e.
[russia] i d go to attend  battle of hastings   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibattleofhastings  on winning side  their descendants still owns 70  of land in england 1000 years later .
[russia] all you did was move the frontline of wwii a couple hundred miles west , making the main victims wwii the poles , belarusians , ukrainians and jews instead of russians .
[russia] before 2000s there was also   kutia  boiled wheat grains with raisins and a bit of sugar , but now it s obsolete  it was like porridge , but almost without any water  .
[us] so in the end , we made the best decision we could make having placed a great amount of faith in the medical community in the us .
[russia] i heard people who speak different languages have multiple characters depending on the language they speak and sometimes i wonder if i have different character  s  when i use various coding languages  ...
[us] when you have military spending that goes into the hundreds of billions , i do nt doubt there exists military plans for responding to aliens .
[russia] rufed is exussr so exussr territories are rightfully ours  ,  ukrainians are nt a nation , they are confused russians  ,  everything russian belongs to rufed  are very common opinions here  apparently putin also believe  d  into something like that .
[us] i think that you could make a great readaption of waiting for godot based around the current faith that confidence  or something  will spark a recovery in the ez .
[russia] scamer probably wo nt answer to you , so i  try to  in russia  and probably in ukraine too  kids from orphanages and board school s get free time in summer kid camps , most of the time near sea or some sort of resort .
[russia] is nt it funny and oh so convenient how every foreigner who does nt submit to the western agenda in heart and soul inevitably becomes a rapist ,  a chestthumping xenophobe , a raving antisemite , or some other sundry scumbag
[russia] selling 100  of gas and oil to china will reduce government s budget by 15   army expenses  16  of budget  and all currency reserves will be depleted before 2020 .
[us] i guarantee we have just as many , in fact , i m damn near 100  sure we have many more boots on the ground right now than france .
[russia] sure , yes , but it s only for the sake of not being eliminated  like literally , all dead  in only the most brutal war in the human history .
[us] it was the serbs that broke the march 13 agreement with bulgaria which demarcated their respective gains in macedonia , taking land they had agreed would be bulgarian , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue .
[russia] you know , i would nt mind you if you were just a patriotic proukrainian upset at the nationalistic and imperialistic land grabs of putin .
[us] there have been instances of democracies in europe that did nt have foreign influence that were taken over by dictatorships that came from war .
[us] the isds system gives arbitrators the power to review all decisions by legislatures , governments , and courts , but does not observe the separation of powers , lacks basic institutional safeguards of judicial independence , creates perverse incentives , and gives the us an unfair advantage .
[us] maybe this should nt be done with people from the entirety of africa , but refusing to allow anyone into your city from ebola stricken regions of africa seems damn sensible .
[us] maiden was totally fake and had nothing to do with how corrupt the president was and his openly lying about his promises at the last minute because he was nothing but a puppet .
[us] well , i was trying to say with the last few sentences that perception matters as much as ability , and many europeans are cultivating the perception  at least on this side of the pond  that they do nt take defense seriously , but russia is .
[us] although france has cargo aircraft  and even kc135 strategic air refueling aircraft to move its equipment long distances  mobility support is exactly what france received from the us , along with intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance assistance .
[russia] in the article   responding to a veteran s suggestion to restore the name of stalingrad , putin said it could be decided by a public vote .  it is good to actually read the article before discussing it .
[us] i ll take the us economy over multiple dipping recessions and sky high unemployment all over the eurozone and morally superior germans manipulating trade markets .
[russia] i ve met one romanian user here once  onerichbastard was his name  who whined about swedes being racist against him , and once i even called him out on it because in the next thread he was being racist against the romani and hungarians  lol  .
[us] today i am euphoric , not because of any phony america s blessing , but because , i am enlightened by my own unity .
[us] i spend most of my time on here  since i m a paid shill for the cia  , but i only really think of about 4 americans i see on a regular basis , and one of them s a mod .
[us] so pretty much the only thing you should keep in mind is a  it s complicated and b  it s probably nothing like you imagine .
[russia] even on websites where proputin content is often upvoted you often can see evidence suggesting cheating on voting system or users who only post this propaganda type of posts and do nt behave like real person .
[us] he has discovered that they have a mutual acquaintance , and suddenly the guard agrees to drive them toward the tarmac in a military bus .
[us] no country will be economically strong enough nor stable enough to oppose them in soft power terms with the uk leaving , not the south , not france .
[russia] why is everything so simplistic and people think that if russia would immediately stop the support for  rebels  everything happen prior to that would magically go away in a span of 1 month with zero consequences for respective parties involved
[us] the antigua  usa dispute over online gambling services is illuminating , as is achmea v. slovak republic  httpwww.italaw.comcases417 httpwww.italaw.comcases2564 as is the  nafta dispute over single payer automobile insurance   httpwww.law.harvard.eduprogramslwpnafta.pdf  in ontario .
[us] however , the loss of the stabilityproducing us military could lead to  flash points  that are not big enough for fullscale us military presence , but are little conflicts around europe that would otherwise not happened .
[russia] there were pretty interesting developments in computing  for example , computers based on ternary logic  , but sadly it was scrapped and ussr started to copy usa machines .
[russia] it started with those tweets  httpi.imgur.com5fv2b0j.png top one is selfdescriptive , bottom one translates as  this photo is nt mine , it was sent to me from usa  .
[us] the third major mission area where france needed assistance was in isr , but air force officials at the pentagon declined to discuss how the service met that request .
[russia] the real controversy is that russia took the fight outside south ossetia into main georgia , and set up a buffer zone around the border .
[russia] and finnish language is pretty hard , much harder than , for example , swedish  because swedish is a germanic language and has similar roots as english etc  .
[russia] for me defacto there is no country , just a bunch of semiindependent weak colonies with a gang in kremlin which deceive people to convince them they are a single nation .
[russia] the large majority of the citizens of rufed had a generally favourable  or at least indifferent  attitude towards euus before the the beginning of the year .
[russia] generally speaking after overthrowing yanukovych there was no turning back for them , they made a choice and majority silently , or not so much , agreed with them .
[us] the revolutionary dictatorship of the proletariat is rule won and maintained by the use of violence by the proletariat against the bourgeoisie , rule that is unrestricted by any laws .
[us] in college sports , the student sections are as close as you will get to blocks of hooligans , but since most stadiums prohibit large flags or flairs or whatever it s not going to happen .
[russia] armed nationalists patrolling the streets   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvdq2l5jrz8s   language law   httprbth.comnews20140223ukraineabolisheslawonlanguagesofminoritiesincludingrussian34486.html  httpwww.bbc.comnewsworldeurope26468720 httpwww.theguardian.comworld2014mar04whogoverningukraineolexanderturchynov httpwww.rferl.orgcontentukrainewhoswhocabinet25279592.html stop being such an unwavering shill for the eu , and maybe you will see that the problem in ukraine is larger than just russian interference .
[us] ultimately they want a flat tax that results in a higher cost to the poor and a lower cost for the wealthy ,  who will often move their assets around so they can pay no tax at all .
[russia] hosting and domain selling business within country will be dead soon   staterun tv channel delayed  oscar  translation  to censor it   httplenta.runews20140304jared   they cut off couple sentences with  ukraine  word from speech of jarred leto    gerhard schrder became a manager of  rosneft    httplenta.runews20140304schroeder   state run oil company    2 hosts of russia today channel said they do nt like the propaganda they have to tell to viewers , channel s management said  they are victims of us propaganda   httplenta.runews20140304simonyan      russia today  host quit on air   httpwww.youtube.comwatchv55izx6rbcqg     russia today  got official   strategic company   httplenta.runews20140306today   status  i.e.
[us] which is why the german exchange rate is undervalued , why german exports are climbing at the expense of it s neighboring countries  why the southern eu countries will remain stagnant while the northern countries refuse to institute appropriate fiscal transfers to southern countries to help bolster their economy  shore up their production   which , of course , would be healthier for the eu as a whole , but also weaken germany  other northern countries influence  economic advantages   .
[us] unless he s willing to start excommunicating people for disagreeing with him  which would be terrible  , then his hands are a bit tied .
[russia] i do nt know what happened behind the closed doors , but he should ve pushed the eu not to accept the outcome of the uprising .
[us] that is hardly  nuttery   here is another one . . httpwww.youtube.comwatchvrgqo2tsjqky if you look at the provider of that video youtube user  ip observatory  they have a substantial number of other videos with other people making related points to your australian government .
[us] i was getting the impression that you were saying that apathy from the governed somehow represents a sign of approval of a good government .
[russia] as for support , japan , italy , a number of eastern european states would suffice , without lend lease , all alone on international stage  and in a possible war on 2 fronts  soviet union had not that much of a chance of winning and even if it somehow magically achieved such a feat , there would be way more than 27  million  lost lives .
[russia] it was started by georgians who seceded from ussr but somehow  disliked   with army , heavy weapons and all shit  when their minorities tried to secede from georgia in turn .
[russia] but thats not the point here , what i ve personally witnessed throughout years is that workers on a global scale loose their rights on a yearly basis .
[russia] i have no idea where you are getting your righteous attitude , europe may legitimately criticise russia , but us criticising russia now is a joke .
[russia] zhirinovsky was first employed by the kgb in late 80s to attract the audience of some very real and very threatening neonazi organisations , such as pamyat , to a harmless mock party .
[russia] better than those mutilationspropaganda it s not better it s just targeted on youth internet users while tv propaganda is for conservative adults and hence made differently .
[russia] these guards were deserted by their commander and then the rest went to russia , and 15 fighters moved to kharkov , and 6 of them were captured .
[russia] for contrast as well with middle finger showing to camera for threatrics effect  and a following up on that question , how would russia react lets say in late september to public denouncation and borderline break of trade ties
[russia] the fact that there are a lot of contractors working for 1k euros a month is well known here but that is not  direct military involvement  .
[us] it is absurd though that the richest countries in the world spend nothing on their military and ridicule the countries protecting them while doing it .
[us] eyes on trade  has examined us trade with nonfta nations compared to fta nations   httpcitizen.typepad.comeyesontrade201403ustradedeficitshavegrownmorethan440withftacountriesbutdeclined16withnonftacountries.html  and nonfta trade appears to be doing better than trade with fta nations
[us] not only do i know how much a city like istanbul has to offer , the history buff in me could just go nuts in a country like that .
[russia] after similar meeting twitter has decided  suddenly  to publish statistics of microblogs  probably to be fully compatible with russian  antiblogger  law which require blog platforms to show statistics so popular blog authors  3k  visits daily  could be forced to acquire  media agency  licenses and then forcefully shut down if needed .
[us] that is , the outcry by those demanding assimilation  usually meaning a process in which an outgroup member relinquishes their outgroup identity and joins the ingroup as a secondclass citizen  is the very thing which prevents actual assimilation  which can only happen in civicparticipatory terms , and on an egalitarian basis  .
[russia] there s also ronda  a white town on a canyon  , jeres de la frontera  the birthplace of jeres , obviously  and malaga to get drunk , pass out and get a sunburn on the beach .
[russia] in those messages i was obviously talking about the events of 2008 when georgia launched  largescale military offencive  but it was turned by western propaganda like it was russia who started it .
[us] also , the only reason i can see for doing this comparison is trying to prove that europe is better than the u.s. americans do nt constantly compare us to europe , other than hippies that no one listens to , because we do nt give a shit .
[russia] work visas  as i did nt have time to prepare for situation when the country is turning into something similar to iran and north korea in just couple years .
[us] otherwise the process is doomed to fail before it even begins because everyone will simply get rid of their documentations and we ll be stuck with them whether they re legitimate asylum seekers or not .
[russia] bomb the shit out of syria  i would not be so optimistic about finland not joining nato though as my russian comrade above , i think our recent actions has given plenty food for thought
[russia] and the loosening of the regulations was lobbied for by the financial institutions , so it s not like the us government for instance simply slacked off .
[russia] during the occupation he organized delivery of humanitarian aid to sloviansk  it was very important , because all the shops were closed in the end  and evacuation of residents from sloviansk  again , it was not easy to safely get out the town during the final stages  , his church evacuated 3000 persons .
[us] furthermore , the us and the eu will include binding commitments to provide transparency , impartiality and due process  with regard to licensing and qualification requirements and procedures  , as well as to enhance the regulatory disciplines included in  current us and eu ftas  .
[us] europe as a continent make idealize certain ideas , and might possess world territories which are the leftover colonies of past european empires , but it in itself is not defined primarily by a idea .
[us] i wo nt argue with the better tech aspect but there will come a time when it s more expensive to extract those materials than they re worth .
[us] european governments do nt seem to think that rockets coming from gaza are a legitimate casus belli now  why would that change after palestine was recognized
[us] you are insulting me by saying i only care about isis because i get distracted by shiny objects and saw a video one time and people told me to be mad .
[russia] russian federation  it s all eu s fault that  we had to start using gas supplies as  economic weapon  against eu   httpwww.euractiv.comsectionsglobaleuropemoscowlimitsgermanandpolishgasflowswarning308383   after poland pumped some gas to ukraine kremlin has decreased supply   poland   httptop.rbc.rueconomics13092014948810.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1    in english   httpbiznes.pap.plennewspapinfo1086390,updatepolandclaims45shortfallinrussiannatgasimportsasofwednesday   , austria got their supply decreased substantially  45  or more for poland ,  15  for austria   httptop.rbc.rueconomics11092014948552.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodymainitemphoto    to force eu to comply with rufed s occupation of ukraine and stop helping them  another interpretation of these events   gazprom refused to increase supply to poland   httpwww.google.comtranslatehlenampieutf8ampsldeamptlenampuhttp3a2f2fwww.spiegel.de2fwirtschaft2funternehmen2fpolenrudertimstreitumrussischegaslieferungenzuruecka991372.html    yet another  humanitarian convoy  of  70 trucks   httptop.rbc.rupolitics13092014948767.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodymainitemphoto  has officially   invaded   entered ukraine   article in english   httpwww.dw.desecondrussianconvoyrollsintoeasternukrainea17919480macaenrssenall1573rdf  .
[us] hell , i m pretty clearcut european in ancestry and my family tree is basically a dartboard from germany to scandinavia to the british isles .
[russia] china may be far behind now , but just like us prior to wwii , in the event of a war they can quickly grow into a monstrous force .
[russia] considering the number of mixed families and the number of exussr citizens who is still alive i d say it would take another decade or more .
[russia] and good or bad , she is legitimate mayor elected in 2010 by 60  , in contrast to  people s mayor  vyacheslav ponomarev , nobody heard about before .
[us] i think it s easy to become proficient for sure , even fluent , but mastery implies that you understand the vast majority of the vocabulary and grammar rules .
[russia] it was posted by  a group of sympathizers   httpsvk.comstrelkovinfo  supporting him , probably after they knew that a plane was taken down but without knowing yet that it was wrong kind of plane .
[us] when the united states recovered all the ground it lost in 2012 , while the eurozone had a doubledip recession that it only came out of last year , still looks like it ll have nothing but stagnant growth for the next couple years  continues to exist on the verge of deflation .
[russia] roscosmos regains control of the gecko sex satellite   httpwww.federalspace.ru20803   26 jul 2014 at 0805 gmt 4 command link to the spacecraft  fotonm   4 was restored .
[us] most of them do nt even own cars or drive and public transportation here is not good , its nothing like what european cities have .
[us] although russia has a more diversified economy than the gulf states , a large percentage of its wealth comes from extractive industries like mining and oilnatural gas drilling .
[us] the flash pmi data out today agrees   german manufacturing expanded at the slowest pace in 15 months in september as new orders fell , signaling uneven momentum in europe s largest economy .
[russia] if you think that ukrainian mediaofficials are unbiased or not feeding propaganda to their audience , well , nothing i would say would matter to you , because you possess  the knowledge  from first hand sources .
[us] yeah , just one and she was walking down the street wearing a hijab in the middle of my city i was like what the fuck is happening am i sleeping
[russia] this is russia , there are not that many really good and high quality universities in the first place , but a shit ton of  colleges  who  teach  all sorts of useless shit with extremely poor quality .
[us] the palestinians have always gotten a crazily disproportionate amount of attention from international bodies  thank god one of them has finally decided to put them in their place and remind them that there are people dealing with much worse than they are .
[us] correct me if i m wrong , but i think that amazon.de can not offer discounts on printed books because germany considers books to be of  unique cultural value  and prohibits anyone from discounting them .
[russia] not a nice prospect when you think how badly russia depends on western technology and money and how little russia gains from deals with china .
[us] i completely understand why you have nt gone back , i ll consider myself lucky i ve always had pretty consistent experiences with them after hearing about that though
[russia] the only people who would be bothered by the ban is a bunch of pensioners and i doubt that most of them will ever hear about it .
[russia] and while i disagree with the annexation of crimea and the whole ukraine situation , i wish people in the west were a little more selfconscious and realized that the world where putin does what he wants because he believes in the right of the strongest was created by their own hands .
[russia] if something was different about russia now , if it learned its lesson  but it is much worse now , an imperialist dictatorship invading its neighbours whenever it pleases .
[russia] in east slavic states , crime rates  especially violent crime  is heavily correlated with rates of alcohol consumption , and on average russians tend to binge more .
[russia] i think what  clicked  was that he finally realized europe was no longer the europe of his generation s imagination , but something entirely different  postmodern , ultraliberal , denationalized , culturally universalist .
[russia] i am happy for you that you like  muscular russian farright tattooed dudes   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvju66nbpbkkamp  pumping iron more than a cutelooking young chick in a thong .
[us] no nation with nukes is ever going to give them up again , and everyone has a huge incentive to get them , underscored by russian actions contrary to the budapest memorandum .
[russia] ua forces destroyed russian convoy somewhere under georgievkalutuhino and captured two bmd2 with documents from military unit 74268  pskov oblast  , including a list of the names .
[russia] i can be critical of russia but i have no reason to be proukrainian because what benefits ukraine will not usually benefit russia the same way .
[us] about 7  of that is foreign finance exports , meaning that 0.7  could conceivably be affected by this , which it wo nt be .
[russia] for them it was a done deal and they were  almost there  , then russia made its move with crimea   using  the situation of chaos and madness in kiev  inability of army to do pretty much anything  and later down the line other more predictable steps .
[us] you have what made america great  no understanding of the limits of your power and a complete lack of concern for what anyone thinks of you .
[russia] he did nt usually follow eurovision , but in 2006 he voted for lordi , just because we wanted to declare his dissatisfaction with the quality of songs on contest .
[us] and he  described to the eu parliament   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvwwryywn7beo  in a very human , real manner , that linus had been unable to deny that nsa had approached him in some way .
[us] but as it stands , most of europe s actions on the world stage are conducted through its constituent nations , not through the eu  a great recent example being france s pseudounilateral airstrikes against isis  .
[russia] of course , you are right there issues with trust to upstream source , trust to distrospecific patches  and famous debian openssl bug demonstrate that it s a real problem  .
[us] like the huge santorini volcanic eruption in 1600 bc arguably set back progress and literacy and public health in the mediterranean almost a thousand years  but i m getting off track  maybe they cant get what they want but they should get what they need .
[russia] politics in russia is all a great circus act  if you see a sarah palin or marie le pen , it s probably just dianne feinstein or hillary clinton in disguise .
[russia] we have plenty of  oppressed  minorities from central asia whom when they liberated themselves from evil russians strangely ended up being mexicans of russia .
[russia] and that s for month they stayed for nothing , surrounded by the enemy , without orders , without any support from the government .
[russia] i was also surprised to find myself enjoying anthill cakes , which are mounds of minced , baked and broken down into pieces dough held together with  dulce de leche   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikidulcedeleche  , which is supposed to taste like poverty or nostalgia for soviet food deficit .
[us] this provision would require u.s. state , local , and federal governments to give private , forprot water companies  access  to the  market  of our more than 60,000 u.s. municipal water service providers .
[russia] this is germany , same year  httpi.imgur.com0mnabad.png   source   httpswww.destatis.deenpublicationsspecializedpopulationstatyearbookchapter25011001129004.html   somebody could map these pyramids to the same scale , but you could already see that in russia relative gap between number of people with age of 26 years old and with age of 13 years old is much bigger than in germany .
[russia] for example there are somewhat popular opinions about stalin was totally wrong when sacrificed almost 16 of population in wwii and country could be much better now if germans won the war and replaced local culture with their own .
[us] the 5,000 euros , is what normal noneu citizens have to have in a  blocked  bank account ,  before  they set foot on the airplane that will take them to germany .
[us] the spanish we speak here may be different than castillian , but we still have a much higher percentage of people who can identify more readily with spain than they could with portugal or portuguese culture .
[russia] the difference is that you have some reasoning behind  perhaps  , some probability that you ve estimated as sufficient based on something you know .
[us] socal also steals all of norcal s water because some idiots decided that rather than stick to porn and movies , they should practice agriculture in desert conditions as well .
[us] and forgive me for not having as much faith in these  safeguards  to prevent a cultural hegemony over a unified government that you do .
[russia] that ca nt be right , we re usually reported to be the worst    seriously , like , russians are nt even pleasant inside russia .
[russia] they will always stick together as far as they both run these policies because they can not afford to go against each other , since united they can make somewhat of a stand against the west , but disunited the combined power of eu and us dwarfs each individual country  in fact , both china and russia still have a long way to go to reach the eu or us level of development or aggregate power  no amount of silly presents will even so much as cause a pinprick in the relations .
[russia] last time i heard news about  eurasian union   2 weeks ago  kazakh and belorussian parliaments did nt ratify agreement about it  only rufed did it  alone  .
[us] add to that extensive fraud protection , free travel insurance , global concierge , and sometimes even exclusive access to clubs or airport lounges and it seems like a pretty good deal to me .
[us] yeah i know man lol and i ai nt got no grudge or anger , but i felt like if i did nt respond like i did my southern conscious would never forgive me .
[us] i posted two links a bit lower , please scroll down . . the second one in particular leads to a web site about the legacy of the stalin era in estonia .
[us] they would simply go on producing with it , ignoring your attempts to own it in the private property sense right , and if they do nt
[russia] there is no such things as  spherical horses in vacuum  in history , a combination of factors result in a somewhat predictable outcome   therefore a concepts of blitzkriegs , because otherwise you can not win .
[russia] basically russia s laws change every other day , tax codes are constantly changing as well , everything is resembling  a madmen in asylum during a seizure  , nothing even close resembling strategical thinking .
[us] i do nt think they re even called roma or even have a name here , people do nt even know what roma means .
[us] what we re seeing is a battle for the worlds way of dealing with exponential growth in technology and the wealth it produces , and the future .
[russia] but of course a single private conversation of a poorly informed person for conspiracy theorists is a far stronger than thousands of things like video , physical evidence , witness reports , published yanukovich documents , taped sniper communications and so on .
[russia] some are laughing and cheering , some are disgusted , some are nervous , some do nt think this particular crap is a problem because we had moral grounds to step in it .
[us] russia initially claimed it was never under obligation to force any part of ukraine s civilian population to stay in ukraine against its will .
[us] i mean ... one of the major issues scotland has is that england has undue influence  scotland has too little say ... this seems like the perfect fix that would wipe away any say of secession for generations too come ... not to mention do the same for wales  north ireland ...  hereditary peers were abolished in the house of lords act 1999 .
[russia] anyway , following ww2 and the initial rebuilding , life in the ussr was good in the 50 s and 60 s , in some estimates better then in the us , but personally i m not really sure about that .
[us] if you can promise the apathetic plurality of voters a way to make their vote actually count  which is a huge reason for not voting  , you have a huge influx of new voters to destabilize the system .
[us] the postwar division of europe  and the subsequent division of asian countries along the same model  at the yalta conference was a huge mistake , one which that region is still paying for today in terms of stability .
[us] it found that  costs of unemployment , including long term unemployment , might be substantial , especially during the 10 year transition period of ttip .
[us] i want to see the human race survive , all of us , in peace , this next century with out destroying ourselves and the planet .
[russia] when they take off their uniforms , let ukrainian army into donetsk and switch from mlrs to ieds , then it s a guerilla war .
[russia] if you ll look at the site of  association of jewish organizations and communities of ukraine   httpwww.vaadua.org  there are tons and tons of appeals from various jewish people to not associate maidan with antisemitism .
[us] if you re 18 and you re lucky enough to have a new car that you need for your job that pays you only minimum wage for which you have to drive across the country a few times per year ...
[russia] so it s not inaccurate to say that russians are the jews of the 21st century , so far as european fascistssupremacists are concerned .
[russia] and it   really   was taped and leaked by russia for propaganda purposes , while in fact it was just poorly informed person retelling hearsay in a private conversion .
[russia] corruption was being cut since the saakashvili days and now bidzina ivansvhili s block is still heading west , but in such a manner that still leaves a place for russia to be an important partner .
[russia] they probe from time to time with  how would you feel about european military or picking up the required 2.0  nato spending stuff  on a regular basis , i guess if they are interested in shifting their focus to  pivot in asia  and africa .
[russia] most of the victims are the elderly   some half a million people in the uk who have to resort to food aid  a pool that s everexpanding .
[russia] in most cases the heat is technologically exessive and should be wasted so munitipalities which consume less heat th  a  n necessary are fined .
[russia] so putin is technically right about the gov  t being illegal , it is in effect illegal if it does not represent the interests of the entire country .
[russia] nobody really expected shit to go down like it did in ukraine , and putin made some quick and decisive , albeit scary for europe maneuvers .
[us] google translate   the president of the generalitat , artur mas , has admitted this afternoon before matches that have driven query sovereigntist november 9 that the vote can not be held for lack of legal guarantees and proposed them to organize a public participation process for the review of the catalans on the political future of catalonia .
[us] no , as i said , the government and media are going to great lengths to prevent most people  meaning 99.99   from even knowing about them .
[us] with the ebola outbreak ongoing and almost exclusively being spread by the same people , i think that italy is justified in ending the operation .
[us] people ate a lot of dry goods . . things like rice and bean soup . . the water system continued to work for us , also our gas stove still worked , it seems .
[us] the 16yearold boy had painted antiisrael slogans , a crossedout star of david , and a nazi iron cross on the walls of the gothenburg concert hall and a nearby museum .
[us] an obscure clause in eu copyright rules means no one can publish photos of public buildings in belgium , like the atomium , or france s eiffel tower at night without first asking permission from the rights owners .
[us] these companies and industries have consistently shown for decades if not centuries that they do nt give one lick about the environmental and human impacts of their actions , do you seriously think they re suddenly going to have a change of heart once resources become more scarce
[russia] must be either  lenin   for destroying russian empire and following century of chaos  or  yeltsin    gorbachev   for destroying ussr and following decades of chaos  .
[russia] if you decide to visit russia try saintpetersburg it s a very beautiful place since a lot of historical architecture was renovated after the 90 s .
[us] use the google search operator site  policyalternatives.ca  string   try combining fta names with other terms , or with file type selector filetype  pdf   then google will return just their larger pdf reports  use just fta names  examples  nafta ttip ceta gats , etc   they have a lot of material on gats .
[russia] russia is almost as closed for foreigners as it was during  iron curtain   most locals will never see a single foreigner so why care at all
[us] and the spanish exchange student who came to our school would make fun of mexicans a lot , and looked down on them for ruining her language .
[us] most of the whites are of scandinavian descent higher percentage scandinavian descent in mn , but i m pretty sure the biggest chunk is still germandescent .
[us] there are still a lot of places where being gay will lose you a job , or will lose you the right to marry your significant other .
[russia] it s like not making children because they cost money and lower quality of life of parents  if you measure quality of life by amount of money spent per person .
[russia] meh , american system is still pretty neat , the amount of freedom the states have to set their own bullshit and crazy and nonsensical laws is amazing to me , a russian expat living in the us  permanent residency only , i am not an american citizen  i know the american gov  t is nt usually praised , but fuck , the states here make america look like the most enlightened , fair and liberal country in the world .
[russia] even with the lopsided power equilibrium , russia will still try to at the very least not end up with nato bases on its borders .
[us] there was a badhistory post about bangladesh where they argued no , bangladesh happened 1  during a world war where the british had little access 2  during a japanese blockade , and 3  at the behest of local officials .
[us] it d split ukraine in two , kill any chance of reunification for generations , if not a century or more , but west ukraine would be safe at the expense of russian domination in east ukraine , while probably avoiding the above nuclear confrontation .
[us] eu doing everything it can to rush the entrance of serbia into eu is the quickest way to turn serbia completely away from russia .
[russia] i wo nt be surprised if she s tricked to say that  so yanukovich will have time for something else before he will be impeached  .
[russia] you re more than happy to politicize the deaths of innocents when it suits you , and completely ignore them when it is inconvenient to your world view .
[russia] the republic of novgorod and the traditional slavic cities were democratically ruled too by a soviet , it was only with the arrival of the mongols that autocracy took on its  classical  russian character .
[us] that s a very damaging word and implies the specific intent to harm your child knowingly , whereas all parents in the us would never want to hurt or harm their children .
[us] for example , in achmea v. slovak republic   arbitrators dismiss claims by dutch insurer , but investor says it has achieved goal   httpwww.iareporter.comarticles201405233  of averting slovak nationalization and creation of singlepayer health system  see  the actual case here   httpwww.italaw.comsitesdefaultfilescasedocumentsitalaw3206.pdf  .
[russia] poroshenko  22.2 , people s front  yatsenyuk , tyrchinov , avakov   18.6 , samopomich  lviv mayor , moderate liberals   10.1 , opposition bloc  exparty of regions   9.9 , radicals  8.8  liashko , populist clown  , batkyuvshina  6.1  timoshenko  , svoboda  5.9 .
[us] by doing what they are doing they are intentionally creating a world of poor people where only a few will have the skills to simply be employed .
[russia] while others including public opinion fund , wciom and levada underestimated number of votes for navalny by 7  12 percentage points or 26  43 percents ,  russian sociological service of the anticorruption fund  underestimated that by 2 percentage points or 8  .
[us] saying stupid people are stupid because they choose to be is no different than saying poor people are poor because they choose to or do nt work hard enough .
[russia] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiracism  racism and racial discrimination are often used to describe discrimination on an ethnic or cultural basis , independent of whether these differences are described as racial .
[us] i did nt feel i made a drastic mistake as we made one removed from culturalreligious pressures and only grounded on medical advice as available ... until one day i was reading in on the advantages of breastmilk  another huge issue  and came across opinion pieces .
[us] i do nt think it s so much that as it was  paul bremer   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipaulbremer  being a incompetent fuckwit who based his decisions more on righteous ideology than realistic practicality .
[us] if the eu invades ukraine  gets involved in a nuclear war , it s going to be america carrying the brunt of the nuclear war since france  britain s nuclear policy is basically a stopgap to trigger a american responsereinforcement .
[us] rankings like liveability should not be massively higher for nyc than for chicago or san francisco , and why the cities of boston , chicago , sf , dc , and la are all behind stockholm , frankfurt , toronto and madrid does nt quite square with reality .
[russia] general problem is there is too much populism , lack for desire to reformchange statusquo and engagement of population into the dialogue about their future .
[russia] bb guns do nt kill 16 police mens in body armor with helmets and stuff httpwww.youtube.comwatchvwcnxkrte0gy 0831 there is other footage with a guy with curly hair who shoots at someone  before  any slaughter of civilians taking place .
[russia] then a hot shower , then a cool one , then lying on a towel , on the bed again , drying in the air conditioning .
[russia] conformism , people are busy with putting food on the table and working to improve their lives , alcoholism , drugs , lack of trust for others , being on the other side of the pendulum is also worth mentioning .
[russia] dunno why you care about ukraine so much , i lived there in chernivtsi and kyiv for several years , most do nt like the poles .
[us] blocs of rural voters can win elections for conservative presidents since they tend to share the same concerns just like coastal metro areas tend to share similar issues .
[russia] please , do tell me , how it is so much of a lie that the us killed 1 million people in the phillipines in the interest of capitalism
[us] home  windows 8.1 on desktop xubuntu on virtualbox for development os x on laptop xubuntu on laptop  via virtualbox  work  mostly windows 7 , though ubuntu sometimes depending on what i need to do .
[us] the video referenced in the article  available  here   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvsmrf8r7ug6st410   ended , with a sketch of a german guy giving the state of the union address auf deutsch .
[us] another danger is a volcanic eruption , such as the one in 1783 in iceland which caused a year of abnormally low sunlight and cold .
[us] these will be the same people in another thread though that talk about how right wing and capitalist and unequal usa is without skipping a beat .
[us] he was also cut off at the end by jk , and it seemed like he was about to say something really nice , like he could nt finish his point before jimmy cut to break .
[us] i d like to do a trip from tx to ok , ne , ks , nd sd , not sure if that is the right order .
[us] they also exploited workers in france  at the flamanville nuclear plant  , the netherlands  at the eemshaven plant  , sweden , ireland , ...  ikea accused of social dumping and exploitation   httpwww.equaltimes.orgikeaaccusedofsocialdumpingandlangen.vdwurnsucri   september 15 , 2014  any more insults
[russia] putin calls the breakup of the soviet union the greatest tragedy of the 20th century and does nt even mind renaming one of their cities back to  stalingrad  .
[us] also india has issues on the border with pakistan and china and all three have nukes , but they maintain diplomatic channels and cooler heads prevail for the most part in regards to all three parties .
[russia] httpsimgur.comakc9fx moreover , colonel of police led the mob of colorados armed with bates , chains , helmets himself  source  witnesses from odessa forum  .
[russia] theoretically i can , however , receive georgian citizenship  problem is a  their embassy is closed and their consulate is nt functional too and b  that ll make me even more illegal in rufed than i am now .
[russia] take any report from russian media , only svoboda and right sector guys are called neonazis  because , well , that s what they are  .
[russia] insult and practically defecate  see above  all over christians , especially orthodox christians , but god forbid any harm comes to the delicate sensitivities of muslims .
[us] provisional entry into force of a treaty may also occur when a number of parties to a treaty which has not yet entered into force , decide to apply the treaty as if it had entered into force .
[us] the best alternative to this is an electoral system where we are allowed to say  we re here , we re communists , we also love hitler
[russia] lastly , even though no one ever seems to remember that , russians died and suffered just as much , but no one even bothers to mention them , its all about holodomor or holocaust .
[russia] gas prises will rise , european firms will start loosing russian market , dirty russian money in real estate in latvia or any other country like spain or uk will find another place to stay .
[us] i m just giving my two cents and going against the  glorious europe , bastion of western civilization and values  circlejerk that seems to be popping up a bit .
[us] privatizations which all those countries  are still paying a huge price for  . .   free trade agreements  have embedded  ratchet   standstill  . . etc. .  which force the gradual , incremental privatization by stealth of national public healthcare systems , raising the costs of healthcare , medicines and giving corporations entitlements to the illicit profits that can not ever be ended without the taxpayers paying massive compensation to them for their  expropriated property  .
[us] well i do nt know enough about the subject to be knowledgable or have an opinion , my last statement was just something i ve heard catalans say .
[russia] maybe she is or maybe she is not thinking in terms of 12 year lifespan and think how actions of europe as whole could seriously damage future relations with russia further down the line .
[us] in usa they usually ramble about fiat currency and prepare for the end of civilization while stocking up on ammo and getting suckered into buy gold scams .
[russia] it is a nifty idea , but it gives such a huge cost advantage to those who grow brandname crops that it again leads to vendor lockin .
[russia] but the main reason is sorry  blatant russophobia , we have a certain image in the west , which you re totally happy with .
[us] europeans always talkin  shit about america  how gun ownership is a  culture of death ,  health care is  human right   right up until russia comes acallin  for that tight little euro ass .
[us] for example i get 5  off at certain gas stations and i ll see these stations advertise a cash price which is lower than the credit card price .
[russia] also ukrainians give russians and belorussians  bad  ideas about riots and revolutions so protestors depicted as ruthless savages , anarchists , separatists who kill policemen because they want to destroy the government and create 2  states instead of ukraine .
[us] kosher meat can not have any bruising or abrasions , so whacking the creature over the head would render it  treif   that is , it can not be kosher  and therefore unfit for observant jews to eat .
[us] i did nt realize it was one of the ingredients in altibariai though  i ate the shit out of that when i was in lithuania .
[us] hopefully the british government offering devolution of powers to the scots is sufficient and any major breakaway is postponed until europe has a more federalized model where changed up provincestate type of things have fewer impacts .
[russia] there is a difference in support of putin  i would argue that 85  number is bullshit in one way or another , but i ca nt prove it and its just a general feeling that the picture which is portrayed by polls is inaccuratemisleading  .
[us] they did nt just sit down one day and decide to say fuck it to over 1000 years of constantly shifting boundaries , wars , identities etc.
[russia] there are a lot of real news around ukrainecrimea  like murder of crimean tatar reshat ametov  but it s better to discuss something like this .
[us] the thing is , other religions  christianity for example since it s huge in murika  have their extremists too , in about the same proportions as any other religion , but they do nt get any time in the headlines i suppose because those stories just do nt sell as well .
[russia] they were honored not because some units did this or that  the red army in prussia comes to mind  but because they were fighting consistently for their people .
[russia] but back to modern times , estonians might felt threatened or scared , but truth is russia is not really interested in them  it is widely accepted by population that baltics , poles , finns are a lost cause and should be left alone  unless they start to shit on our history or try to shake balance of regional power with things like anti missile shields etc  .
[us] whatever growth occurs , the powers that be seem to be betting it will be in the developing world , not in the us or eu .
[russia] now putin can say ,  well , if you do nt accept crimea joining russia , why should i care about you not accepting ukraine joining russia  and send the tanks rolling .
[us] it does nt give a perception that the europeans are willing to fight , or at least not for someone other than their specific country .
[us] although the rules on  indirect expropriation  and isds seem to prohibit increases in minimum wages after an fta is signed , there is no prohibition against lowering them , so its possible that lowered minimum wages and benefits may become common , as suuply increases and demand is falling due to huge improvements in labor saving technology .
[us] the allencompassing result of the flaws of the isds system  outlined further below  is that governments will feel a sword of damocles hanging over their heads when they plan publicinterest regulations on companies .
[us] you family s ability to pay is calculated with a number of factors , including other siblings in college , income , state , assets , etc  from the government , you can receive the following   workstudy  jobs that you can qualify for oncampus that pay well , give you relevant experience , and only workstudy eligible students can apply .
[russia] a lot  of russians act online like xbox kids  obnoxious , loud , rude , constant swearing and mums involved , act extremely stupidretarded and very often try to ruin the fun for others .
[us] one example is setting the chicken carcasses that are going to be inspected are set aside for an hour or so before they re actually weighed to let some water evaporate .
[russia] putin is no safe from population anger either , since he is effectively 15 years in power and its under his terms the situation has not changed one bit  got worse arguably on plenty of other fronts  , he can always channel the anger toward the liberalsukrainians though to avoid  the strike  .
[us] they want those russians expressing themselves as much as possible and get it out of their system , because it goes right out the window as soon as they join .
[russia] some may argue that 1920s or 1990s were just exceptions from the rule , and russia always returns to its natural state with tsar , stalin , or putin .
[russia] russia   ussr shame that thanks to putin and his media there re now a tonns of stupid jerks who have nostalgia of hunger , poverty and censorship .
[us] when you say the evil west has attacked russia and russia is in danger of existing  good fucking lord is that delusional  your proof is they had occupied countries rebel against them and their economy collapsed on itself from poor management .
[us] in germany though , for instance , they passed laws to prohibit discounting books , which kept the larger book stores alive and kept amazon from expanding like they did in the us .
[us] but what happens when you get more refugees than the village can support , and what happens if the refugees do nt want to leave
[us] so , we need to wind down the fission reactors and focus on renewable energy and  as far as nuclear goes  nuclear fusion  not fission , because we dont have an acceptable fission and we should nt waste energy trying to find one because its likely to not deliver what we could get elsewhere .
[us] turkey prevents cyprus  involvement in nato , and the eu will not allow all member states except for one to be involved in discussions with , for example , nato , so cooperation is deadlocked .
[russia] i think you need to deal with your problems yourself , thanks , noone cares that you re tired , the world consists of different people you know .
[us] i aint here to teach , you either know the basic terms , doves and hawks or you now google and be smug later , like i am now translation  i ca nt support what i said .
[us] he referred to u.s. president barack obama s policies as  hostile ,  urged him to realize the  folly of trying to blackmail russia  and in a clear allusion to the cuban missile crisis of 1962 said obama should remember how  discord between major nuclear powers can influence strategic stability .
[us] so you re telling me if you get shot or come down with ebola you re going to not be able to get care in the united states
[russia] 2   3  some of people who fight for  novorossiya  are mercenaries but i do nt think it s a correct general term for them .
[russia] i never defended yanukovych actions , i think he is a weak politician and a shitty horse to bet on , but if it would be any other guy i am sure russia would exert the same amount of pressure and negotiated same deal with a different guy .
[russia] update  latvian media says  results of russian skeletonist   httprus.delfi.lvnewszimnjajaolimpiadanovostinaltvobraschayutvnimanienastrannyjrazgontretyakova.did44220823  are false as he had exactly the same acceleration time  4.47 s  in all 4 attempts  which is impossible .
[us] you could save a bunch of money , show them you re serious , then start working once you re in germany alongside your studies .
[us] the increase in posts here about russian planes  flying the same way they have for years now  is simply sabre rattling from the scared and the war hawks .
[russia] i only visited capital city londonistan once and had more than enough impressions to strike it off my register of places to visit again .
[russia] and if you re a ukrainian who does nt understand the flag you re flying and using your ignorance as an excuse for flying a despicable flag , then that s double the shame on you .
[us] do nt you think the contrast is kind of pathetic when you look at italy that hopes they have people die in the water off their shore
[us] going the other way hence , many fear that ttip is as likely to produce the opposite of its intended goals and may actually add to unemployment in some sectors , rendering any employment gains as negligible .
[us] if there s a particularly large community behind the flags , then taking the flags down might be excessively escalatory which is a loselose situation , when you could just monitor group activity instead  and judging from previous history , infiltrate it with agents provocateurs and undercover police to build a case  .
[russia] after that its a freeforall , i can see caucasus being on fire again , if you ask will syberiafar east try to breakaway the answer is no .
[russia] back to the question , you know , there is a market , and surely , i d prefer three super s in my square .
[us] usa does nt keep all their illegal immigrants , but they rescue them when they can and keeps an extensive border patrol and coast guard to prevent deaths .
[russia] yeah it means that you ca nt get a higher education in your own language , to communicate with the authorities , to be represented at courts , and etc.
[russia] again , do nt put your words in my mouth , i never said we should occupy crimea and ukraine for the sake of it , i too would like to see a better solution , but i am no fucking kremlin official or putin , so i have no fucking idea why it could not be done , but i would guess there were some reasons behind it .
[russia] the columbia study is from 2010 and the congressionnal report from february 2014 btw we will always know for the big guys ... read  streisand effect   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikistreisandeffect
[us] especially in the north east and midwest , where every major and many minor immigrant groups have celebration fairs and stuff about their heritage .
[russia] yet the laws  possibility to accept new regions  russian passports for ukrainians  remain in the work  invaded military helicopters are still in the region .
[russia] would you be surprised if i told you that western europe has 100,000700 ,000 women and children trafficked into it  annually   global trafficking in women and children , 2007  .
[us] you guys went through absolute hell in wwii then suffered under soviet domination and then as soon as you became free you started building a strong society .
[russia] russia   we are special nation  possible with some mission from god  and we have to find our special ways to do common things instead of just doing them .
[us] when you say that a russian annexation of the crimea is  unacceptable ,  you have to actually take steps to convince russia to leave the peninsula or to punish russia for doing so .
[us] the debate over exactly how much soviet territory to annex , mostly between pisudski and dmowski , is an especially interesting question , as it touched on the nature of polish identity and who the polish state ought to represent .
[russia] and the best way to prevent it once and forever is to stop buying oil and gas and allow them to bankrupt themselves in couple years .
[us] edit2   all of that said however , the only way i could see a nato intervention in ukraine not resulting in nuclear war is if we stop at the border of east ukraine  come to a agreement with russia to divide the country , with west ukraine being allowed to join the eu  east ukraine going to putin s eurasian union .
[us] yuropa , so grand and dauntless , naught once but time again shall sovereign speech govern thy lands of thee ...    europeanal anthem written and composed by commissar elton john wainwright iii
[us] interviews with people who have recently arrived in south korea who in almost all cases are just everyday people . . some of them have horrendous scars from torture on their bodies .
[russia] that was the same tank column in torez  httpswww.youtube.comwatchv4hew6bmufyk and before there were spotted in snezhnoe , according to avakov they crossed the border via djakovo .
[us] if a foreign insurance provider either establishes a subsidiary in the us , or buys a us company , or more ominously , if an existing us insurer simply moves to establish themselves as residing in a post office box a signatory nation as many us corporations have indicated that they would like to do .
[us] and yes , one of the fattest and richest countries in the world is in danger of cannibalism because of stories of natives from thousands of years ago .
[russia] problems will continue to accumulate and can eventually lead to a snowball effect , solutions must be found , otherwise a significant drop in quality of life is imminent for both russia and ukraine .
[russia] however products were nt forbidden  yet  , only their import through  russian  customs and it s still ok to import products using belarussian and kazakhstan s customs within customs union  a.k.a.
[us] the us fleet is larger by tonnage than the next 12 put together , and of the next 12 most are either nato or american allies  which means they wo nt be siding with the russians  .
[russia] ca nt say anything about officials , from what i ve seen there seems to be a constant interest from either u.s military or u.s led thinktank groups mostly in regards to united european military .
[us] usa can put pressure on countries to align with its position , its not wise to go against so openly expressed wishes of the usa , especially not for some meaningless gestures like palestine the obama admin hates netanyahu , and the us wo nt defend israel from pressure from  other  western countries .
[us] what mearsheimer is  also  doing with that line , is he is directly attacking the amount of money in the us defense budget that is directly used for the stationing of 40,000 us military personnel in germany and 50,000 personnel in south korea .
[us] expressing your views on general issues  god hates fags , infidels will burn in hell , muslims should be deported , vegetarians are heathens , women suck , xbox is literally hitler , etc  should nt be illegal in my opinion .
[russia] you can add there stuff like from 33 to 50  of country being completely and utterly destroyed , the need to compete in arms race and other regions with somewhat of a united western world with united states in the lead  who btw accumulated by the end of ww2 about 50  of world wealth , you are brit , you should have an estimation what kind of power it gives  with reserve currency status and all that stuff .
[russia] but the russian government has been hard at work destroying its economy over the last year from a brainwashed simpleton s point of view , yeah , probably .
[us] having those countries doing it peacefully would mean eu would nt complain about russia and russia could continue to increase trade with eu and use all that money to modernize their infrastructure and business .
[us] the us has maintained a naval base at gitmo in cuba since 1898 , i guess we can just take over the island since our marines are there already .
[us] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiconventiononclustermunitionsstatesparties citing their usage as evidence that the ukrainians are just as wrong as the separatists and russia is kind of silly in this context .
[russia] duma tightens the belt around russians  neck 1  it s hardly them  duma does not have independent will as organization and 2  apparently rufed s population is incapable to create modern nonaggressive noncorrupted state so the faster they  we
[russia] at the same time , kalmyks , chechens or tatars speak different languages , have a completely different mindset but live in the same country .
[russia] the rf has over the years put a good deal of money into regaining the nation s lost momentum in the sciences , and they ve managed to keep up the education rates maintained by the ussr , even if they ve failed to adequately follow through and support the educated populace with adequate funding posteducation .
[russia] if the more relaxed definition favoured by some modern specialists in genocide studies is adopted , then the ukrainians were victims of genocide in 1932  33  as were the russians and kazakhs in 1930  34  .
[russia] but probably the most lethal was their terrorist tactics to intentionally shell residential areas with mortars and grads to put the blame on ua army .
[russia] that s how this subreddit works , and that s why there is not a lot of russian people here  well , the ones who do nt hate russia that is  .
[russia] funnily enough putin has plenty of those people still around like chubais , kudrin used to be our finance minister and is considered influential even now , nabiullina  central bank head  is from that era as well , he also visited funeral of gaidar i think .
[us] of course it should be considered significant that the concept that the intact human genitalia is so flawed it requires destructive surgical correction is exactly the same idea behind female genital cutting .
[us] well , yes , but as a block , nato countries themselves have avoided direct military conflict because nobody is willing  and they should nt be  to goto war with nato .
[russia] somehow my ancestors managed to move out fine before they were 22 , and here look at me , a glorious man of the 21st century , playing video games in his momma s apartment , talking to foreign people via fiber optics at the ripe old age of 24 .
[us] i recognize the dutch flag , but read your flair saying you are in belgiumfrance , so i figured that s where you meant .
[russia] you as hardcore polish nationalist may not like it , but the idea that you guys are angels , who did no wrong and constantly suffer because everyone around you is evil , is disingenuous to say the least .
[us] there was literally people buying houses that they could barely afford to pay even the interest on and banks were giving loans for this nonsense .
[russia] edit  if clashes continue with present pace   300 injured in 24 hours   berkut    4.000  will be completely out of service in less than 2 weeks .
[russia] another friend failed documents check for his sales company  bulk sales of imported alcohol   had to pay  30k bribe to avoid confiscation of whole business .
[us] if russia invades belarus , or the baltic s then we will get involved but before then ukraine may only have our economic support .
[us] i can plan when i want to leave a party instead of leaving and spending time trying to hail a cab on the curb .
[russia] you do nt have to be a genius for any of that , it has happened numerous times in human history , do they not read books or smtn .
[russia] while every single ones of the 15 republics were brought in via blood and struggle , only these 4 were nt brought in following the russian civil war .
[us] brazil wants to purchase a carrier so a country already famous for cost overruns and corruption wants to purchase an aircraft carrier from another country with the same problems .
[us] in any event , these articles are not easy to read  even for me , so  especially  if english is nt your mother language .
[russia] does astroturfing exists  yes , is russia actively engaged in such activities  quite likely , is everyone who disagrees with established narrativehive mind  which is quite often formed my media outlets  is a russian paid shill  doubtful .
[us] you re a fucking idiot if you buy something from the super market that has trans fats in it , and you  had no idea  .
[russia] despite that fact that i m personally prowest and pronavalny i never , never ever will waste my time reading or following these  oppositioners  like kasparov or nemtsov .
[us] as for my friend that went to colombia , she graduated from another university 10 years ago , and worked as a web designer and got tired of it .
[russia] the reason i brought spanish civil war was again to show the readiness of the so called  allies   in form of soviets and nazi s  to fight with each other and fund the other side .
[russia] actually , i can totally imagine some pieces of this  art  to became quite expensive in the future , after current events become history .
[us] you re telling me that the european union is leagues ahead in capability when it comes to quarantining a ebola epidemic in comparison to the united states
[us] i m not saying you are wrong , just seems hard to gauge considering the very poorly guarded us borders and the fact that illegal and documentation do nt exactly mix well .
[us] that said , as long as the united kingdom does nt have a proper upper house to represent it s constituent nations  interests  constitutionallyguaranteed autonomy for them i ca nt really blame scotland for wanting to leave the union , even though i did nt want to see it happen because i do nt think it s in my own country s interests to have it s strongest ally handicapped  i did nt trust salmond s defenseforeign policy .
[russia] but on wednesday this week  head of finance ministry announced   httpwww.interfax.rubusiness382558  that all of that money were spent on  crimea and anticrisis measures  and wo nt be returned since there are no sources to finance that .
[us] the billions of dollars in federal grants for medicaid expansions , which my cunt state still have nt taken , are on the table  can be accepted at any time to expand coverage statewide .
[us] the big lies hiding the fact that these agreements all attempt to endorse an extreme ideology which almost nobody in their right mind would endorse , hiding it as a thief in the night would , under deception
[us] even though the middleclass is getting squeezed and more and more people rely on foodstamps to get by , or have to work 3 jobs to be even able to pay their rent and live a somewhat normal live .
[us] protestors were only given support due to the fact that they initiated the protests on their own , their president was a lying scumbag , and he wanted to solve protests through murder .
[russia] for example  httpwww.independent.co.uknewsworldeuropeoutrageasssmenholdanniversarycelebrationinestonia6166026.html  the event saw veterans of the 20th estonian ss division attend a church service , lay flowers at a war memorial and attend a celebratory concert .
[russia] by the way , guys , as it is clear now  who are the bad guys in georgia and transistria  how bad are they  is there anything eu is going to do to help moldova and georgia to repel invasions of russian federation disguised as protection in ethnic conflicts
[us] because underneath it all what s really happening is machines are doing more and more and we re in a global race to the bottom .
[russia] personally i do nt see any reasons to bother studying made up  history  of temporary state which was nt here 20 years ago and most likely wo nt be here 20 years later  or maybe sooner as it is transforming into  eurasian union  .
[us] here s the thing with singleparty states  if you want to be active in politics and not in jail , you have to be in the ruling party .
[us] i coached a soccer game once , and you watch soccer , so you can definitely ask me about any soccer questions you might have .
[us] i m not saying it s perfect but it has a great history and i is in general a good system that is rather fair .
[us] that you think a person ca nt choose to change how they are identified by moving to and immersing oneself in another culture is what s tribal .
[russia] there s been plenty of posts about budapest memorandum , how it was not ratified and all the other legal international aspects of this mess .
[us] to be fair , even if the holiday technically has its roots in old celtic traditions , it has long since become a thoroughly american thing .
[russia] in the end , the military interference by russia meant that noone can internationally recognize those elections there was no military interference by russia in the nineties .
[russia] russia had no chance for influence or someone with even remote chances of winning in upcoming elections , thus ukraine would be lost either way for at least 1 election term of  5 years or so .
[us] so the story about the us education system is very very very dependent on where you re from  most of these scholarships are statebased , not federal  and how aggressive you are about applying for grants and scholarships .
[russia] your model implies substantial economical growth , when afaik eurozone is in crisis and there is no light in the end of the tunnel .
[us] you would think all the youtube videos of some dude sitting in an office sipping coffee , turning them into smears with hellfire missiles would do that .
[russia] in short , reddit is already a lost cause for a place to be publicly russian , nevermind that i am practically srs , that i am gay  just check my entire posting history of gilded posts , etc   the fact that i am russian is enough .
[russia] just follow a handy chart  if you are an american conservative your outlet will refrain from ever crying out about arabiranian deaths whereas if you are liberal , you will do so only when israel or a conservative administration is doing the killing .
[us] russia attacking a sovereign nation over false pretences can in no way be blamed on the attractiveness of europe and its values but should be directed to the utterly delusional attacker .
[russia] of 5000 that were caught in the southern cauldron , only 1000 made it back to the ukrainian army in the breakout following the collapse of the cauldron .
[us] that would imply that people were very happy for centuries under the rule of kings and queens up until the very moment democracies formed .
[russia] however the thing is that declaring a cold war against russian political elite would also hurt ordinary russians so that is nt something that should and would lightly chosen as a policy .
[us] so you re saying that it s better to vote for a completely alternative group , not just the one that most closely represents your interests or the one that does the least harm , but a third party , just to keep the two main ones from stabilizing
[us] some districts  might  celebrate a national holiday the day before  only if  they re trying really hard to get a three day weekend when a holiday falls on the weekend .
[us] even as another male , this bothers me a lot  i expect women and men to be equals , this is not negotiable for me . .
[us] over 118,000 people in attendance at michigan s stadium  httpswww.youtube.comwatchvmwotbgzd7u8 basically , us universities have an enormous community around them , and people love to continue to cheer and support their university long after graduation .
[us] i just want them to remain in the union to offset german influence , but i understand their hesitation when watching the continent fail to claw out of stagnation while inching closer to deflation , all while transforming into what s basically a extension of the german export machine .
[us] guaranteed european stability  i do nt necessarily share all of those interests , when compared with the amount american tax payers spend to provide this  luxury  , which is why i support us retrenchment .
[russia] just remember that there are regular guys just like you on the other side of the screen and they probably deserve to be invited to the whole  let s not hate each other  party .
[us] which could mean most incomes would fall while some might see large increases  no estimate of the amounts lost due to privatization of social benefits but in the us  compared to an identical canadian  its probably in mid six figures over a lifetime .
[russia] it could be less painful  in more democratic country , maybe  but for a giant communist state it was extremely smooth and i believe next time it will be even more smooth since everyone know how to act and what to do when  not  if   it will happen again
[us] america , like canada and australia , does not have an ethnicity , nor a language that stems from that , nor does it have a common cultural background forged over a period of hundreds or a thousand plus years .
[russia] it seems  after shooting the wrong plane   httpinformnapalm.org671kakojsamoletsobyralyssbytterrorysty  and follow up  discharge of 18 highranking officers   httpeuromaidanpress.com20140808putinsecretlyandsuddenlydismisses18highrankingofficers  kremlin is desperate to find a  fair  reason to invade ukraine if they have to use wellknown  humanitarian convoy  tactic for that .
[russia] nobody thought ukraine would join eu i ve read many ukrainians in social media boasting how  those foolish russians can suck when we join eu  .
[us] i can read english from 300 years ago , but it can get tricky because they used a whole different set of idioms  and  s  used to be written as  f  .
[russia] housing in russia is expensive and you ca nt live normaly without a job and since you ca nt get a college level of education in your country the only jobs you are left with are lowskill menial jobs .
[russia] schools whitewash lenin s and stalin s crimes i do nt know about lithuanian schools , but they do nt whitewash  stalin s   soviet , actually  crimes in russian schools .
[us] apple s photostream is very poorly messaged and , quite frankly , i think this exposes the fact that we simply do nt teach the nontechnical public enough about the risks of cloud storage .
[us] the agreement requires that governments reduce their role in the provision and regulation of services as much as possible and increase the role of private companies .
[russia] you know , selfhate goes only so far , you can criticise russia on many things , but you re coming pretty close to making a spectacle of conspiracies here ... russia was ready for the eventuality of georgia doing stupid things , but nearly every reputable source credits georgia with the honour of starting the war .
[russia] if us was gon na play hardball with gorbachev in 1991 , he would have sent in the tanks and we would still have ussr .
[us] nasa is private now nuff said if you meant me as in personally land on mars , no however i could buy stocks of a company that could thus helping .
[us] hell , 2004 was a  dark  time for liberals in the us  dubya got reelected , and he had both houses and the supreme court on his side .
[russia] you had undeniable interests in ukraine , you played dirty when you could get what you want , now it  will  get ugly for everyone .
[us] russia is still getting most of their procurement and rd from russian industries , and paying russian salaries for that means bigger boom for the buck .
[russia] by that logic there is no place for kurdistan in iraq  syria  turkey , kosovo should not exist because it was a part of yugoslavia and so on .
[russia] tell me what makes putins slaughter of chechnyans and the crackdown against ossetian seperatism different let me guess , the fact that chechen separatists made chechens dominating ethnicity in chechnya by killing about 100 000 russians and forcing about 200 000 out by death threats
[russia] ruvesna   russian spring   is the only proseparatist outlet to have addressed the issue  it has asked reuters to publish a tape of the interview and  if khodakovsky lies ,  will publish this ...
[us] however , the guy who said  oy vey  was american , and i m trying to convey to you that these yiddish terms have made their way into everyday american parlance .
[us] they would pile people up into trucks and take them out into the desert and have them leave and just start shooting at them until they all died under the pretense of they were moving elsewhere .
[us] he saw oil money and could nt bear the thought of it in other s hands russian or not , he did nt care unless it was one of his guys .
[russia] like lack of ideology affecting economic course  mix of capitalism , fascism , socialism   explicit corruption in the government and especially among lower level officials  policemen on porsches  .
[us] i do nt understand how me thinking a wide variety of cultures is great and my own family being immigrants somehow makes me racist towards immigrants .
[russia] apparent uturn   right , as europeans almost convinced themselves that putin is literally hitler , he is behind every bad thing in the current ukraine , stirring unrest , sending special forces , poisoning everyone and about to invade any minute now , just after eating a baby for breakfast .
[russia] however , there are many reasons for it  no critical media , no real opposition to putin , the ostracism of russians abroad which leads to a more insular mentality , the fact that putin has been the only effective russian leader in power ever since khrushchev possibly  and to call him effective in his time would have been amusing  .
[russia] it will take billions and years to construct  it can be destroyed by a single missile or explosion  i m sure ukrainian army will have powerful missile divisions in couple years  they are capable to build icbms and space rockets  .
[us] germany s chancellor , angela merkel , should allow france and italy to slow the pace of their fiscal cuts  in return , those countries should accelerate structural reforms .
[russia] now they ve installed themselves in government , such as the minister of defense and the deputy prime minister , and  now  they re turning their armed gangs into statesanctioned police forces .
[russia] from what i see around myself , i could only made a conclusion that citizens of rufed will remain extremely hostile to the west for many years , regardless of whether putin will stay in charge or not .
[us] the problem with getting your master s in europe and then coming back to work here is that  your degree may or may not be recognized   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiqualificationsforprofessionalsocialworkunitedstates  by your state .
[us] one thing to keep in mind though is that the sfcf is only a part of the eu budget , albeit a large part , and the eu budget is only roughly 1  of the gni of member countries combined .
[us] when labor contracts come up for renewal , they will be put into an international database  a procurement bidding system , forcing a huge percentage of all jobs in the member countries to privatize big chunks of whats currently public , so they are all then forced to do their procurements through a process which will allow any corporation in the member countries to bid , so there will be an incredible  and very hierarchical  web of subcontractors and sub sub contractors and sub sub sub contractors , all with the idea of making the powers that be in all of them even richer than they are today .
[us] certainly , the loss of most of the penile dartos muscle renders positional adjustments of the penis during erection and with temperature changes , rather difficult .
[russia] i m glad that there are really a lot of people who do nt believe putin , want to do something with it , and their number grows , but sadly it s not enough yet .
[russia] crimea coming back to russia is the best thing that has happened to this world since the beginning of the century , what a truly happy event for everyone involved
[us] if you re looking to go into a specific discipline , especially a more technical one ... then you re probably not gon na have a hard time getting financial aid
[russia] we ve had plenty of gaylesbian clubsbars in moscow and spb , personally i used to go there with my ex because there was far more safe instead of regular clubs .
[us] from nato after the failing of the berlinplus agreement , since cyprus became a member of the eu and turkey is a member of nato  and they veto each other  , nato and the eu are nt even allowed to have an official meeting with one another .
[russia] dude , health care was free , everyone had job house food and alcohol , literally every family was happy ask people who lived in these years and everything you will hear is that communism was a lot better than european union .
[us] the neolib dem party sold neoliberal obama and his privatization of health care by telling we americans it was a  stepping stone to single payer  health care   public health care , of all things  well , guess what , they lied
[us] not sure i would have been descriminated against , but having this particular job was important to me at the time in terms of getting much needed industry experience .
[us] if i happen to make people upset , by stating things that are basically true , than it is precisely that reaction i do nt care about .
[russia] india did not conquered british empire and pillaged it for centuries , china did not attacked tiny japan or sea , germany , united states , french empire .
[russia] i think it is fairly obvious that no one would gloat at the fact , that someone has killed 280  people that had nothing to do with entire ukrainian conflict .
[russia] it was not exactly a give away , more like instate transfer  both ukrainian ssr and rsfsr were parts of ussr at the time  .
[us] and yes , i know there are other issues , but being able to walk out into the street without being harassed or attacked is pretty high up on my list of important things .
[russia] well i am not naive enough to think that morality in politics exists , but then this sub becomes basically a joke and a field of information war with a very clear bias and agenda .
[us] to claim that the will of the people supersedes the law ignores the entire democratic process , as well as the basic foundation upon which democracy rests .
[russia] which is irrelevant in our topic because ukranian government began using its army in donetsklugansk area with a start of anti terror operation  use quote marks on your discretion  .
[us] there needs to be a global discussion on the phenomenon of exponential technological growth , and its social implications , that has not occurred .
[russia] 11.8  want federalisation   21.6  in lugansk oblast  19.1  in donetsk oblast  13.4  in kharkiv oblast  6.7  in odessa oblast  5.9  in dnipropetrovsk oblast  5.7  in zaporizhia oblast  5.5  in mykolaiv oblast  4.7  in kherson oblast 49.6  consider yatsenyuk government illegitimate , 33.6   legitimate , in donetsk and lugansk support even lower  72.1  of donetsk consider it illegitimate  .
[us] i ve generally been pronuclear because even in the worst nuclear disasters , the environmental and health damage is localized to within a few tens of kilometers of the plant .
[us] mon nah i certainly would not refer to myself as a  bull  lol there s definitely some problems , do nt get me wrong .
[russia] it was not a serious suggestion , it was an attempt to describe a hypothetical situation which would be similar to russia s reality for the u.s. .
[russia] how do you think things would work out if they say capture tsikhnvalli and blew up the only tunnel which connects them to  mainland  so to speak
[russia] if you remember history  poland annexed part of czechoslovakia , refused russian troops to pass through , thinking they could handle germans , you failed , the rest is history .
[russia] it s not clear if he really is a terrorist or it s just fsb does nt like him    son of senator seleznyov was arrested on maldives by us law enforcers   httptop.rbc.rupolitics08072014935164.shtml   he is a hacker    english variant   httpbits.blogs.nytimes.com20140707russianarrestedinguamonarrayofushackingcharges  , government use this episode  to limit movement of bureaucrats across the border   httptop.rbc.rupolitics08072014935152.shtml  using arguments like  they hate our freedom  to be criminals      uk has refused to provide visas to most participants of kremlin delegation   httptop.rbc.rupolitics11072014936038.shtml  to farnborough2014 show and at the same time  our italian friends know how to make euus sanctions look ridiculous and eu not consolidated  sanctioned  sechin has entered board of directors of italian  pirelli    httptop.rbc.rueconomics11072014935854.shtml     second batch of 44  putinphones  is for sale in moscow   httptop.rbc.rueconomics11072014936034.shtml   these are  4.5 k worth iphone 5s with portrait of putin on gold layer .
[us] one reason being , you have to be crazy if you think that you ll ever see highly trained heavily armed troops engaging in offensive combat operations with an eu patch on their shoulders .
[russia] the ukrainian army can make donetsk bitter for the next several decades or they can take it back honourably with men and tanks and regular accurate rifled artillery .
[russia] he then said  v etot moment mne skazali shto iz luganska shol pod flagom lnr v storonu snizhne   at that moment i was told it was coming from lugansk under the flag of the lpr toward snizhne  .
[us] i love rivalry as much as the next guy , but that shit that goes on there is mental illness from trying to cope with 1991 .
[russia] that s part of why i subscribe to realpolitik  the only reason russia is screwing over ukraine was because russia managed to be more powerful historically  if ukraine had a bit more power than russia , it would be russia that would suffer its stronger neighbour .
[russia] out of pure curiosity , if turkey would go ahead and executed its falseflag plan operation and invoked whatever article 4 or 5 you got in case of attack blah , blah , blah  is nato obliged to intervene to defend them
[us] surely would nt be the few members who actually do their  suggested  spending and maintain a military that would nt collapse within the first 48 hours of a russian offensive .
[us] if that pie is to grow forever out into the stars , we need to embrace precaution and also embrace this wealth of abundance as a gift that should be shared .
[us] nobody really cares about the original  brand   if you can call a region a brand  that s on the other side of the globe .
[russia] danzig was nt working as a prison guard until well after the stalin s purges , and could nt witness many of the things he drew .
[russia] firtash not only funds the  svoboda  party but also was a pillar of yanukovich s regime and a partner of the putin s regime .
[us] and russia obviously is nt being punished enough , because even though most countries do nt recognize crimea as russian territory , crimea  is  russian territory .
[us] you can be talking about the battle of kursk in wwii and some canadian will try to steer the conversation to vimy ridge in wwi and then talk about how everyone forgets the canada s contribution to the war effort .
[russia] this is actually a very possible scenario in some cases , but still the demand plummeted harderearlier than other possible causes but the travel ban .
[us] here is bilaterals.org index of articles about ttip   httpwww.bilaterals.orgttip    and  cut here    isds  10 reasons why europe and america do not need business v state dispute rules   httpwww.ttip2014.eublogdetailblogtransport20environment20isds20ttip.html   here is their 10 reasons list . .  the footnotes are lengthy and can be found at the article which is linked to above    alsohere    httpwww.ttip2014.eublogdetailblogtransport20environment20isds20ttip.html    for clarity s sake , here s our top10 reasons why excluding isds from ttip is the only right way forward .
[russia] russia   russian investigators finish probe into exdefense minister  he remains charged with negligence for allegedly costing the state 56 million rubles   1.7 million  by ordering soldiers to build a private road to a caspian sea holiday resort owned by his brotherinlaw .
[russia] you do know that not all media is state owned  nor is that particularly valid as a criticism when you re more than willing to trust bbc without a second thought  .
[russia] i gave you 2 examples of  actual battles  of soviets vs japan  before  world war 2 , china was already  occupied   500 million  people lost to a bunch of islands in pacific ocean , how come
[us] it was a joke referencing the disaster of the 2000 elections where bush was given the presidency that he very likely did nt win in the first place .
[us] amazon is a good example  they disrupted traditional book companies in the us , and their business model has proven very popular and effective .
[russia] general spin in russian media is that ukrainian military is firing indiscriminately in general direction of separatist forces , caring little about collateral damage , destroying civilian buildings and killing many civilians in the process .
[russia] he is implying that russia in its evil genius has infiltrated azarov , pshonka and yanukovych as sleeper agents in ukraine decades ago and in its  genius  russia has said to those puppets to promise ukrainians a deal to join eu trade agreement , encouraged a notion of association with european union  to become a member state  , advised to shoot people on maidan , install draconian antiprotest laws etc etc etc.
[russia] which is what i m saying  the government is clearly trying to avoid civilian casualties at all costs , while the mercenaries do nt care and use human shields every time they can .
[russia] so what you re saying that a  buffer states actually should belong to one of two zones of influence  which rather defeats their purpose , other than being a meatshield for your empire and b  people living there have no say over the future of your motherland .
[us] but slowing prices and stagnant wages owe more to weak demand in the economy and roughly 45m workers are jobless in the rich oecd countries .
[russia] turkey is a democracy that is engaged in all sorts of shit in syria  including planning false flags caught  on record   yet no one dares to say anything about them and everything is being quietly swept under the rug .
[russia] russia is still recovering from the brain drain during the disaster of the west s favorite man , yeltsin , but it is doing just that , recovering , not declining .
[us] as budgets shrink and the ecb struggles to convince people that it can stop prices slipping , a descent into deflation seems all too probable .
[russia] for example , of the 37 deputies of the verkhovna rada of the party  svoboda  only six or seven people in the 20 years indulged in antisemitic statements .
[us] last i checked , it was nato imperialists  under the uscoalition  doing the most to fight isis and protect the kurds at this point .
[russia] see below   20yo woman was drugged by a taxi driver  recidivist rapist  yet managed to kill him when he attempted to rape her    court  in rufed has sentenced her to 7 years   httpdolboeb.livejournal.com2680296.html  .
[russia] btw , i ve read  archipelag gulag  of solzhenitsyn mmm let me think in the end of 80s so it need nt bother about my awareness of the crimes of the stalin regime .
[russia] last couple things  1st i would like to give 3dom a benefit of the doubt in his  forecastvision  and point out that he  in the same way as i am  is just a random russian netizen , thus he can easily be just as wrong as any other guy .
[russia] there would also be plenty of legal questions like security council membership for  war crime nation  or crisis of national identity  russia still has plenty of soviet era infrastructureproduction lines , legacy on which we live and supposed to be ashamed of
[us] tom paine , the most radical u.s. founding father  so much so , that few attended his funeral , went to france to help the revolution , but narrowly escaped execution for being a  reactionary  another important point is that the u.s. war of independence was not , in fact , a revolution , but a secession , throwing off foreign rule , thus more similar to the postussr states than the russia or french revolutions .
[us] but even if we give you the benefit of the doubt and say that  maybe  making a concerted effort to only buy european will somehow bring the member states together , and eventually cause them to be self sufficient instead of relying on american defense some time in the future .
[us] take your average swiss or american citizen and put them in the desert with a toyota and a gun against enemy air units and it s going to be ugly .
[russia] on the second picture merkel laughs with putin alone  httpimgur.com2gi4goe note the timing  july 13 , the day after zelenopolye  important escalation by russia , when ukraine for the first time was seriously shelled from russian territory with grads , killing 20  soldiers and border guards .
[us] so you re telling me that if you increase military spending , you re going to turn into a nazi , start slaughtering jews  try to annex all of europe
[russia] if i read one more post about how russians  crave  a  strong leader  on this sub i think i am going to turn straight and start voting for putin just to spite the shitstains on this sub who say that stuff .
[us] this will sound callous  i thought perhaps it was nt totally compromised , because he had also started a shooting war with his own people , and was nt of or ruling a european nation .
[russia] in a simple way , the planned economy  during ussr  has a fundamental difference from the free market  customers , suppliers and developers were imposed on the manufacturing by the certain ministries .
[russia] only the police should have the right to access to the criminal past of someone ... not the public all my sources are recent ...
[russia] think about it for a bit , india did not invaded britain  chinese were conquered by small japan  native americans ordeal  dutch colonies  spanish empire  all of them shared the same pattern   a leader of its time looks to expand it influence and get those 2  key  things .
[russia] first , read your own link and try to find one article were the word  junta  is not cited by rt  that is , were rt itself calls kiev government  junta  , not somebody they cite  second , if rt reported something about   ukrainian gay nazi jew fascists  that would be a whole new level of propaganda .
[us] i think this is quite debatable because fracked gas , tar sands , etc , has a huge cost compared to other forms of energy  both in methane and other pollutants and in energy required to extract it .
[us] if russia has the theoretical maximum number of abmmissiles deployed around moscow as allowed by the abm treaty  100  then they have plenty to deal with  16   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikivanguardclasssubmarine  x  2   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikitriomphantclasssubmarine  missiles .
[russia] no need to create more problems that we already have and its not like a century old event can hurt russia s pride in any way , but it could send a type of  goodwill message  that you advocated before .
[russia] the arab rebels are related in so far as that the west massively supported them , calling them  freedom fighters  and dropping bombs on kaddafi s head .
[us] what i usually see for tuition fees from a lot of universities in other countries  germany , nederland , belgium , france , sweden etc  is around 50008000 .
[us] the total number of exiled croats and other nonserbs range from 170,000  icty   18  up to a quarter of a million people  human rights watch  .
[russia] still , ukrainian gov  t is pretty fucked if they do nt understand that these volunteers of the national guard are their most effective and motivated units , despite their radicalism .
[us] during development , the volume of the scn and the cell counts reach peak value at approximately 13 to 16 months after birth  at this age , the scn contains the same number of cells as was found in adult male homosexuals , yet in a reference group of heterosexual males the cell numbers begin to decline to the adult value of 35  of the peak value .
[us] the key difference here though is that you can not throw all those european fighter jets and spending together into a blender and come out with a unified , coordinated force .
[russia] my father worked personally with yatsenyuk in the late 90s when in the ukrsotsbank in chernivtsi , my father was one of the head corporate attorneys in their chernivtsi branch and yatsenyuk visited them quite often from kiev and the bank he was working with .
[russia] during the second war , the chief mufti of chechnya , akhmad kadyrov  who declared jihad on russia  was convinced to abandon separatism by putin and seeing how he controlled a large chunk of the separatists , they went along with him .
[us] it stinks to high heaven , and i ca nt stand it  i m going home in a month or so , leaving europe behind me forever .
[us] not at all , but in general canada benefits from us , so it can be annoying to hear things like  ugh , i wish we were nt stuck next to the us .
[us] the only reason the un works is because all the countries which can actually force or   effectively   oppose such a move already have a permanent seat on the unsc with that ohsoluxurious veto , and damn near every country in the world gots one of them looking out for them .
[russia] i really do nt like putin and the current government , but when an article is published by the  christian science monitor  , i at least want direct sources before i believe it .
[russia] it is actually beneficial for the people of russia to see stolen money being frozen or arrested , this means that they have to keep in at least in russia  maybe if we are lucky , even invest them into our economy  .
[us] i m not saying it was nt a impressive operation , and that the shock was nt a factor in the japanese defeat , but it s also a bit like saying the germans pushing britain off of europe after the battle of france essentially defeated britain .
[us] i do nt know where you got the idea that the pope is the only person who matters in the church , but you are gravely mistaken .
[russia] and what was all that chezhoslovakia business about ,  peace of our time  , british  french negotiation positions with soviet union and all that jazz
[russia] between russian vatniks and ukrainian ukrops i am sick of hearing the bullshit that both sides spew , they re equally disgusting and over the top .
[us] it actually could not work  but suppose it could actually be implemented and somehow did save money , would not the prohibitions against public services kick in
[us] it s  really hard  to be the people paying the highest wages on the planet , because it constricts the market for those products .
[us] the fake    public option   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvdwbzz070mk    , as well as subsequent semi  explicit promises   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  that obamacare is  stepping stone to single payer  were basically dangled baits  which were impossible , as they were public and as such are actually barred by the gats and other pending treaties . . see  paper   httpwww.pnhp.orgsitesdefaultfilesnick20skala20gat20and20health20reform.pdf  linked below .
[us] i am not supporting either side , just pushing russian propaganda like saying the ukrainian president was legally allowed to murder protestors and talk about eu  coups  after putin bought his puppet and he lied and took advantage of all of ukraine .
[russia] i should remind you that in 862 , russians got tired of trying to establish order on their land , said  screw it  and invited vikings to rule them .
[russia] even if someone lands troops in mexico , invading us wo nt work due to logistics of supplying and reinforcing them through us navyinfested waters .
[us] and if you ca nt do so against russia  turkey , you ca nt expect the eu memberstates to accept your rulings if other echr members get a free pass .
[russia] but of course , no promises were broken because gorby was an idealistic fool who trusted those people on a personal level , only to be dismayed afterwards .
[russia] according to the prisoner , president poroshenko yesterday paid 3 minutes for a meeting with the ambassador of georgia , who asked to hasten the release of budick .
[us] i will win if the situation described in the  resilient societies nrc petition   httpswww.nirs.orgreactorwatchnatureandnukespetrulemaking262011.pdf  and the greater problem illustrated by fukushima of meltdowns occurring in light water reactors when power is lost for any extended period , is true ... is at its core fundamentally true .
[us] but you are right , it was late in the game and minor contributor to a nation that was almost already beaten and just hanging on .
[us] there are other areas of the theory of the   optimal currency area    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikioptimumcurrencyarea  that europe does not quite reach in some respects , and does in other respects .
[russia] it s in quotations because i do not believe an  invasion  happened  as you may have noticed since you replied to another one of my other comments  .
[russia] and a followup question to fellow europeans   would you support giving ukraine a loan of at least 10 bln  and buying more of their products
[russia] they look like independent company  perhaps that is why they attempt to investigate facts instead of using fsb and police versions like most  if not all  other tv channels do .
[russia] look where that promise led us ... western promises are worth nothing to russia , why does the west act so offended when russia deigns to ignore its promise
[us] what s been happening in the us and in europe too , apparently , is all that money that should have been poured into educating the workforce for the future  which means technology skills  was instead given to the wealthy .
[us] usa spends a fortune making sure all of its allies are protected at all times and there are dead americans all over the world defending these allies .
[us] because if you knew what they try to do and how they frame things , their backwards way of seeing things which is against the public interest and elevates corporations above countries , you would be very angry and oppose them .
[us] while you have a point , it is also priced into the cost of doing business in a place where rule of law is nt as strong .
[us] if you want to say that europe s involvement in ukraine had no bearing on russia s decision to invade , then say that .
[us] the american militaryindustrial complex sucks compared to ours  they re less effective at getting money in raw numbers and they re much more hated despite that reality .
[us] also , take a look at soviet tactics during the cold war with how to deal with revolting populations  they definitely used tanks against civilians  httpwww.nato.intebookshopvideodeclassifieddocfileshungary2.jpg i know that we all fancy ourselves some good ol red dawn style resistance , but that s 90  hollywood and 10  wishful thinking .
[russia] i m kinda new to this ukrainian conflict and i keep seeing people saying that putin has supplied and still is supplying rebels with weapons in eastern ukraine .
[russia] i do not know if it s a legitimate example , but i ve read someone from zaporozhye say they re pissed at never getting a governor who is a local and not someone who treats his term as a really long business trip .
[russia] as for intelligence operatives actions i have no idea either , but people do dumb shit all the time , there are also times when you get  caught up in a moment  and do nt think clearlydisregard possible consequences .
[us] according to this report from 2012 , the only country in nato which showed an opinion about that low was greece , at 20  .
[us] not everyone gets tipped  because living wage   a lot of the time it s just because you want service at a reasonable speed from someone who has to prioritize a lot  bartenders  .
[us] it s those  great lengths  that i  as written earlier  associate in part with a theoretical systematic rolling back of the european welfare state system .
[russia] now donbass is fucked , they re a joke of a nation , run by criminals and i doubt putin will do the right thing and annex them or hand them over to ukraine if he somehow could .
[russia] they always were disrespectful about opponents  i remember well how they shit talked about lordi , claiming that bilan who got 2nd place is the real winner , etc.
[us] reading up on the history of new orleans in the earlymid 1800s when the flood of americans came to no to settle after the purchase really sheds light on the matter .
[us] it is like the russians that brag about low loss of life from ukraine not defending crimea as if that somehow is a positive on russia s part .
[russia] it s not that simple , ukraine does nt trade nearly as much with the eu and russia was offering a sweeter trade deal with no tariffs , instead of decreased ones .
[us] to campaign in solidarity with the iraqi people and in particular support the hardpressed student , workers  and women s organisations against all the competing nationalist and religiousright forces .
[russia] apologies , can not link the blog right now  it has my real name , i ll show it later when i ll get out of russian federation .
[russia] however , putin enjoyed  the same exactly   httpimgur.comr4iysuk   very warm   httpimgur.com2gi4goe  reception from merkel at the world cup , so the  uworldleader point stands .
[russia] we do nt know enough details about the flight yet , it could be one of those  strange  cases , where planes choose weird routes , deviate from course and so on .
[us] i m just saying that some irish dude should nt be pretending to fall on his sword for troops that are nt there while my countrymen are .
[us] the raf plans on buying 48 total , once you remove some for spares , attrition , and training we re down to around 30 for operational use .
[us] today i am euphoric , not because of any phony west s blessings , but because , i am enlightened by my own nuclear weapons .
[us] chain of command is only wartime  something largely theoretical , i might add , because who knows how a member country might react to being ordered to send troops somewhere if they do nt want it  , and it certainly is nt one logistics or intelligence agency .
[us] the reason many of these corrupt politicians and the corporations that enable them want growth to be prioritized is nt because they have our best interests at heart , so much as that they have our worst and they fear discovery of what is in effect a giant   ponzi scheme   .
[russia] the correct translation was   i knew that a buk was coming . .  not that it had arrived , that it was in transit .
[us] if israel has committed ethnocide , it is very bad at it , considering there are something like 10 times as many palestinians worldwide today as there were in 1939 , whereas there are about .80 times as many jews today as there were in 1939 .
[russia] this of course will lead to russia occupying the east and the west crawling back to europe , since they wo nt have anything left .
[us] basically , any change a government makes which adversely effects a corporation can be the grounds for an  investorversusstate  arbitration suit for billions of dollars against the country by a corporation .
[us] as i understand it , only about 12,000 people live in london , so i do nt know why everyone goes on about that small village .
[russia] that means pulling out all russian troops and equipment , and agreeing to send a force of international peacekeepers , of sufficient size and strength to disarm militias and seal the border , to eastern ukraine .
[us] and if someone in the us is talking to someone that identifies themselves as being european and makes it obvious they re european that will of course incite conversation .
[russia] also political suicide does nt happen by itself , it only happens via the media and since putin effectively controls all the media with significant audience in the country that s not gon na happen .
[us] also even if scotland has nt shifted many elections to tories , has nt it provided labour with a more sizable majority to work with
[russia] they do nt have a right to have a separate state   ,  crimea is russian territory  ,  ussr was good and must be restored  ,  our people in crimea need protections from ukrainian nazis   common opinions .
[us] more importantly though , i m not saying that all people are always bad all the time and only respond to a constant use of actual force .
[russia] would it be great if ussr took its time and developed slow and steady a highly advanced both agrarian and industrial sector , just like england or france or germany
[us] over the following months , a large area of territory , amounting to a third of croatia , was controlled by the rebel serbs .
[us] the state was still corrupt , but it was a different kind of the corruption than the people of russia are currently facing , so it s easier for them to look back more fondly .
[us] the european welfare system would have to be  drastically  reduced  the us military leaving europe would almost be an end to the europeanstyle welfare system as the west currently knows it .
[russia] there is  a lot  of incoming unemployment to be experienced with automation of previous workforces alone ,  if you add here competitiveness and possible crisis its even worse  this people need a job .
[russia] considering how much time some of us are spending on reddit i think that some of users could start talking in dozen new languages in a year or two .
[us] for ksa , giving lip service to the idea that isis is bad and going along with the feel good , yet ineffectual , bombing of isis makes sense .
[us] once a suitable agreement is made , the plan will be made public and the corresponding legislatures will vote on it for actual passage .
[us] and anyway , i do nt know if you were using hyperbole or not , but i m pretty sure countries like zimbabwe are the ones who are actually   one of the worst in the world with regards to income inequality and steadily becoming worse in that respect .
[russia] still worth it though , the joke was actually funny and you re just instinctively react to the keyword  gay  without applying any common sense .
[russia] i m generally confused when i hear russian jokes about jews because i ve barely seen them and the ones i saw certainly did nt live up to their public image .
[us] the west has poor people , it should nt criticize russia s 3 times lower median income  the west has surveillance , it should nt criticize russia s information block  the west has had some boneheaded wars , it should nt criticize russia annexing neighbors  modern financecapitalism are soulless and destroy sense of community  the west is decadent and corrupt , never mind that russia has massive drug problems
[russia] well guess what  i voted for him , everyone in my family voted for him , and all of my friends save two voted for him .
[russia] in modern russian web , comments are so negative that i sometimes forget that people can positively unite around a good political idea with a reason .
[us] when the brit ca nt really tell the difference between a canadian  american nor do they care much about the fundamental cultural differences between the two .
[russia] still , i think that particular quote is false , i ve lived in chernivtsi and kiev  and yes , those places are quite proukrainian , it has gotten so bad lately that i will get dirty looks from some cashiers if i speak russian or get beat up by a drunk gang  i am talking like 4 years ago  .
[russia] back to the question , tatar tatars  as well as bashkirs , mordva and many others  also flirting with turkey , but there is more cultural interactions than political .
[us] that appears similar to asking someone who wants to visit germany  would you honestly be ok with voting for a party that looked like this  insert nazi picture
[us] i would love to see the universities and the larger culture in general to understand the perniciousness of radical islam and the threat it poses to both human freedom and gender equality .
[russia] with the crowd  let them have it , that s what you get for doing your job and not letting peaceful protesters kill you instead , then please remember this commentary about dehumanizing the target first .
[russia] if it s a shawarma roll with raw veggies and warm mayo and you do nt know how long the meat has been sitting on a skewer , better be ready to shit your innards out .
[us] the prince was meant more for principalities , but was an important work for helping define the concept of the state and state sovereignty .
[us] actually , since  the existing 1990s wto services agreement   gats is included by reference  in ttip and tisa  and since water is concerned ,  since its both a service , and a commodity  , tisa must be considered too . .  they all should be understood together as a package of interlocking secret agreements which are being broken up as they are being to conceal their intents and effects until long after they have been successfully enacted .
[russia] lately they ve learned to use courts and bureaucracy but it does nt work well because judges are corrupted and laws are too stupid to use them so for business best bet is to work in offshore to be able to cut off all ties between their money and the country .
[russia] russia has all the plans to build them , they just need shipyards and the workers to do it , which russia does have .
[us] well , i m sure the people are nice and all , but i do nt believe there is much to do , and is kind of a random place for someone from another continent to go to .
[us] it s too soon to show a map with an independent or disputed donetsk people s republic , because that conflict is ongoing and could change drastically .
[us] on top of it , the more trade russia does with china , the more likely they are to steal whatever tech russia has .
[us] furthermore , the us and the eu will include binding commitments to provide transparency , impartiality and due process with regard to licensing and qualification requirements and procedures , as well as to enhance the regulatory disciplines included in current us and eu ftas .
[russia] and it most certainly was not aimed at ukrainians  7.5 mil deaths you ve mentioned is  total  number of deaths  ukrainians , russians and kazakhs .
[us] most of them are nt even black to begin with in the regions that are torn apart by war in north africa and levant .
[us] they re certainly not there yet but i d much rather get a head start than wait until the hydrocarbons are all gone and the seas have taken away much of our coastal areas and forced migration of millions if not billions of people .
[us] so i have no doubts that once nato troops begin to route the russians from east ukraine  look like they have a clear path for the russian border , putin wo nt need to think very hard about hitting our armies with a tactical nuke or two to cover the russian retreat  freeze the conflict .
[us] we rejoiced at the news that the state department received two female ministers who clearly signaling a feminist foreign policy development in the coming years .
[russia] after all russian security apparatus is quite big , russia is a big place with a lot of  troubled regions  and russia does have other work to do .
[russia] economy was tanking whole previous year and flight of capital only accelerated , if anything  this is a perfect excuse to blame sanctions for worsening economical condition , common russians are not that invested in stocks and shit , they do nt care .
[us] aca silver plans are not what the silver would indicate , they still have the very narrow networks , and only doctors who have agreed to very sensitive secret contracts are in these networks .
[russia] russia import a lot  up to 30  of beef , 50   fruits , some vegetables , all noncheap alcohol  except for few sorts of vodka  .
[us] it is nt a matter of  pissing  someone off , if what you say is basically true  or , benefit of the doubt being what it is , more true than untrue .
[us] it s not some sort of media conspiracy that makes people willing to accept force , it s part of being in a society .
[russia] historically speaking russia was almost always this way , peter the great  westerner , followed by crackdowns , followed by more westernization to be replaced by more repression .
[russia] previous german chancellor  schroder  liked oil and gas supplies from russian federation so much that  we still see him here often   httpwww.independent.co.uknewsworldeuropeputinhugginggerhardschroederbirthdaypicturesangergermanyamidukrainecrisis9302182.html   almost as often as yanukovich .
[russia] meanwhile moody s has changed prognosis for kremlin s credit rating to  negative  and in fact it look like kremlin is running out of money sooner than expected .
[us] its like people calling reports of isis mutilation propaganda , because its so fucking hard to believe that fanatics would do something like that .
[russia] russia had very limited amount of resorts  sochi  couple towns nearby  and abkhazia was inexpensive alternative offshore resort for russians  along with crimea , but it was slightly less expensive than crimea and had shitty tourist services   services  included various crimes  up to armed robberies in the center of towns during day time  .
[us] even the shittiest states in usa are propped up to where they have living standards that are similar to the richer countries of europe regardless of which states happen to be doing poorly at any given time .
[russia] i am tired of posting walls of text to try and represent other side of the story , i am tired of explaining what some russians might think , what their values are and how they see the world .
[russia] some speculations  rufed s government simply shut up after this law was passed to us senate  it look like they are really scared now .
[us] russia s propaganda apparatus is mature and capable for other languages  including english , with rt  , but i believe it is even moreso with the russian language .
[russia] in russia free market capitalism means increase of prices every year by a random number  it used to be double digits  , just because we can and we are in monopolycartel agreement .
[us] so now we have situation where if we deescalate , parts of ukraine are radioactive wastelands , and if we escalate to icbms , large chunks of the globe are radioactive wastelands .
[russia] but even if it s 45 times lower than simple logic dictates  it s huge anyway for a single month or two  it show there are thousands of russian troops fighting in ukraine for month  s  .
[us] the eu s 2001 information society directive contains a clause that says photos of architectural projects in public spaces can be taken free of charge .
[us] if russian subs can sink some of the transport ships then what will be left ... the us navy and airforce will be put to the test
[russia] the state of soviet aviation and tanks at the time was pretty pathetic , not to mention the fact that soviet union  1012 years ago was an agrarian society and was in the middle of industrialization and relocation of former peasants into cities .
[russia] for second one , what should russia do if 10k of  enlightened freedom fighters  invaded neighbor republic and started killing people with all the usual stops of   nice  videos of beheadings , rapes , kidnappings , theft , violence and hostageransom situations  list goes on
[russia] we are already protected from the right sector , pornhub , ukrainian news sites , local opposition news sites , and numerous random sites that occasionally have the same ip as dangerous stuff people should be protected from .
[us] 1   2  sweden maintains that joining the erm ii  a requirement for euro adoption  is voluntary ,  3   4  and has chosen to remain outside erm ii pending public approval by a referendum , thereby intentionally avoiding the fulfilment of the adoption requirements .
[us] i would nt wish a confederation upon europe , look at the bang up job the united states of america did under the articles of confederation .
[us] now hear me out  free trade is going to happen in one of two ways  1  euus trade deal  ttip  , or 2  bilateral trade deals between the us and individual european countries .
[russia] if there were real peacekeeprs in south ossetia , moldova and abkhazia those conflicts could be solved 1015 years ago  because they could nt start without kremlin help at the first place .
[russia] no evidences of government s involvement , must support dear leader instead of letting chechens go independent once and forever , they are too valuable asset for kremlin in case of civil war and revolution .
[russia] it also useful to know in the context of that comment above by our estonian  friend  , when he s saying that all russians are brainwashed into thinking that there are fascists on maidan .
[us] but it is more prudent to design robust onstation backup power capabilities that can operate through a prolonged loop event that could affect an entire region and not just a single commissionlicensed power plant .
[russia] and even during the war , georgia actually managed to get themselves no less dirty , which is no small feat when competing with the russian military .
[us] provisional application of a treaty that has not entered into force  provisional application of a treaty that has not entered into force may occur when a state notifies that it would give effect to the legal obligations specified in that treaty provisionally .
[russia] the majority   have no savings at all  owe expensive loans to private banks  have never been abroad , have nt got a required passport  ca nt speak a foreign language  use tv as a prime source of information dae believes in liberal democracy in russia
[russia] these are well known and documented manipulation of mass conscious techniques , they create the mood , the attitude and the notion of enemy .
[us] george friedman also talks a lot about how poland is going to be a major power in the next century and raises an interesting point  poland lies in a very important strategic position , basically the gateway for any military and trade going in between western and eastern europe .
[us] i m assuming that  upladmir  vutin is referring to the nato policy of nuclear sharing , wherein the us has and still does host nuclear weapons in nonnuclear countries , but no nordic nation partakes in that program .
[us] tipping is great , it s an incentive for better service , gives more control to the patron , and if you are a good waiter you get far more than you would in a non tipping country .
[russia] the first major instance of that shelling happened on july 12 , when 19 soldiers  or even more , up to 5070 , according to unofficial estimates  were killed in a grad  tornadog , as ua officials claim  attack under zelenopolye .
[us] it s not about giving freedoms but rather arrogantly thinking people from a small country can effectively and fairly run a much larger country .
[russia] a very smart , educated fella who is rather amusingly hiding his jewish upbringing lest his antisemitic voter base of western ukrainians turns against him ...
[russia] stock exchange fell down by 12  in monday , however it regained 5   in tuesday , total direct losses of financial system are 11bil usd from currency sales ,  60bill from plummeting stocks  from just a single day of  not invading ukraine    prices of meat in kaliningrad have raised by 30  after authorities stopped import from poland and baltic states   lawmaker asked to declare ukrainian band  ocean elzi   persona non grata  and  deny them entry to russia   httplenta.runews20140224ocean  because their  leader   httplenta.ruarticles20140307vakarchuk  participated in protests , group had to cancel their tour   duma accepted  law to register all new sites   httplenta.runews20140228data  with the government , fine is 80150  for citizens and 36000  for organizations .
[russia] as a result , the ruling party controls everything people will think , and since most of them were brainwashed pretty hard before , it s not that hard of a job .
[russia] start violence you ve missed the part there russia is already involved in 2 wars on caucasus , one in moldova and one in ukraine .
[us] i would nt be at all surprised if we see poland becoming one of the great powers of europe , but it ll be interesting to see .
[us] i am arguing that the risk to all of us  to human safety presented by solar storms shutting down the entire global power grid and the likelihood of multiple nuclear meltdowns due to sudden loss of the  ultimate heat sink   cooling capacity  is substantial enough that it has been acknowledged that we  the us  must now take concrete steps to investigate  and develop a plan that addresses it  in our own light water fission reactors .
[us] germany also has a landmine problem in some parts of the eifel national park , as glass mines that ca nt be detected using traditional methods and do nt rust were laid during ww2 .
[us] if anything , it is a highly controversial and highly unlikely situation that there will ever be something like a  unified european armed force  ,  also , because of the concept of sovereignty  but people on  reurope talk about it all the time as if it is a foregone conclusion .
[russia] sigh not a single documented case of banderivtsy attacking civilian russianspeakers or ethnic russians . . not a single documented case of course not .
[russia] i m getting  accusations  like that almost daily and i see them as recognition of my activity and a  badge of honor   also i think my great grandfather actually was jewish  .
[russia] total number of dead and wounded for whole russian federation must be in thousands  and not every russian soldier on ukrainian territory was killed and wounded so their number is really more like  3 brigades   httptop.rbc.rupolitics24082014944616.shtmlxtoral5binternaltraffic5d5brbc.ru5d5bmainbody5d5bitem35d   1015 thousands  announced by leaders of  rebels  during this weekend .
[us] the basic logic when it comes to immigration that goes something like this  immigration is a good thing for the us  or canada or australia or whatever  .
[russia] mostly i m on vk.com , the russian facebook ripoff  which has the advantage of having a ton of pirated musicmoviesbooks and is also artsy like tumblr .
[us] and the reason is nt enforcement , it s to ensure that no resolution that would go against the interests of a superpower could pass .
[us] we expect friendly , prompt service and are perfectly fine waiting for the food to be cooked , but not for the waiter to take our orders or delay the check .
[us] there are instances in american media that show crimea separated from ukraine as well , we may never except it officially , but it is de facto russian clay again .
[us] yeah , stop it from turning into a ordinary political debate by appeasing german  french politicians who purposefully want to forgo any compromises or solutions , drag this out  handicap google to the benefit their own corporations .
[us] the surprising and alarming propensity of russian receivers to blow up , and by extension the apprehension it causes in soviet viewers , was one of the stranger features of soviet life .
[us] you start from the center , then you ve got your left of centers and right of centers , then left wingers and right wingers , and finally far left and far right .
[russia] but  even if  there was danger for him in kiev  thought experiment , he was safe  , he was able to move to some place safe for him  like crimea  and work like a president there .
[russia] russia    15 killed in second volgograd suicide bombing   httpicdn.lenta.ruimages201312301120131230110638345previewa8628ecd72d612f05041bd438ddb005c.jpg   nsfw photo   moscow restaurant owner jailed for 14 years for carving up wife  rt head simonyan appointed rossiya segodnya   exria novosti   editorinchief  a former painter from moscow , whose quest to bring culture to provincial villagers resulted in a jail term for bribery , was granted parole  russian opposition activist arrested for alleged cop assault  mokhnatkin has previously served time in prison , for attacking a police officer during a rally in december 2009 .
[russia] the ussr was brought into existence in 1923 , but was nt complete in the sense of all the ssr s being included that were there post ww2 .
[russia] of course they forgot to include correct copyright notice according to odbl  it s just   c  sputnik   , but still  impressive progress of open source geodata .
[russia] it may seem laughably stupid , but its media and i guess they re doing to not to worry and frustrate millions of our citizens who have relatives in ukraine .
[russia] the west can do whatever the fuck they want to brown people , but if russia , who has a comparatively clean record for the last decades when it comes to foreign involvement , tries to influence what used to be its territory 20 years ago and is culturally still russian , they call it  invasion  and the shit hits the fan .
[russia] tl  dr russian economy  summer is now over , it s cold and sun not shine , dollar  thirty eight , and euro  forty nine .
[us] first come first serve ensures the people who really want to see the movie arrive early and get the best seats while the plebs who show up during the trailers are stuck in shit seats , it works .
[russia] btw , hrw report contains other funny bits , like   ukrainian authorities should order all their forces ,  including volunteer forces , to immediately stop using grads  in or near populated areas , and insurgent forces should avoid deploying in densely populated areas so , in the opinion of hrw , proukrainian volunteer forces have grads .
[russia] many plutocrats in russia are afraid of sanctions specific to their families because they have money , properties and children abroad , but it s unlikely that any important ones will be in such list , see magnitsky act story .
[us] generally speaking , what that means to israel is a demilitarized palestinian state and israel keeps all of jerusalem and the major israeli settlement blocs .
[us] favorite restaurant i went to  la bodeguilla del gato , valencia , near la plaza del negrito  best bravas in the country  the three most beautiful cities that i went to  no order   san sebastin , porto , and granada .
[russia] guy overall feels wrong , he s posting hours assuming he is from moscow is from 2300 and 8 hours straight , assuming he s an official , you  do  need to work and not answer ama s on reddit for the entire night .
[russia] and i m not sure why do you like to point those kind of  sins  to me , i can name plenty myself , by russia and by other countries .
[us] soldiers awarded german gold cross medal   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv2nawt73a600  i know that it sucks to still have the stigma from nazis and what not , but , taking the above video as context , maybe starting to really help the people of the world will really be that which finally convinces everybody everywhere that these nazi comparisons are just wrong .
[us] i m fully aware of governors being more than thrilled to turn down federal money to help the poor people in their states especially when the ones that pull this stuff are the ones that have the most people in need of it .
[russia] they are supportive to the current russian government , and tend to think negatively towards ussr , though they are still proud of soviet scientific and cultural achievements  space race , victory in ww2 , superpower status  .
[russia] when you compare that treatment with what ireland or scotland  even recently there was a report about british crown classifying oil findings from scots or smtn like that like  4050 years ago  got over the same centuries of  friendship  , the pieces of the puzzle does not add up .
[us] nbsp  i agree about the land stealing part , but i just find it interesting you dont seem to mind when tibetans get their land stolen .
[us] basically , i ve had awesome life experiences that were only possible thanks to my credit card points turning a  1000 flight completely free for me .
[us] the precautionary principle  another way of saying  better safe than sorry   has been making its way into the regulatory practices of governments since the 1930s .
[russia] and here a study for the recidivism rate in other crime from 2011 by university of british columbia forensic psychiatric hospital , canada and the maastricht university , netherlands  evaluating research on recidivism rates , it is apparent that approximately 52  of the general offender population , between 31  and 85  of mentally ill offenders , and as many as 7087  of forensic patients do not reoffend after release httpwww.academia.edu1465126resilienceandsuccessfulcommunityreintegrationamongfemaleforensicpsychiatricpatientsapreliminaryinvestigation
[us] examples include single payer health insurance in vermont , legalized weed in co and wa , higher speed limits in tx and parts of the midwest , lower driving ages in some states , romneycare in ma prior to obamacare , etc.
[russia] if you do nt want to believe me , whatever , no big deal  its just funny to read from perspective of someone who has lived in russian informational fieldspace .
[us] httpreddit.com  that s right  reurope , i used y all instead of you as a 2nd person plural pronoun because using  you  for both singular and plural is ambiguous and fucking stupid .
[russia] another good example of controversial russian history  alexander nevsky rejected offer of swedes to overthrow mongol rule together and instead fought swedes and defended mongol dictatorship  now he s orthodox saint   mongols assigned  his son   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikidanielofmoscow  as ruler of moscow and so he created basement of modern russian state  .
[us] nuclear energy is only considered  cheap  because the storage and everything related to the radioactive waste  even hazards like in fukushima  are nt priced in .
[russia] nobody would argue that he reported it  from the ground  , however , this ground was more than 600km far away from the events he reported about .
[russia] i was referring to the whole commercial pension fund thing  that you probably know about judging by your comment history   basically a portion of your future pension got appropriated by the government if you opted out for a nongovernment controlled pension fund in 20132014 .
[us] pretty easy to sit there in canada while telling people in eastern europe that they are nt allowed to act independent and trying to trade with the eu means the country gets invaded .
[us] i think you re attempting to cover up one of the most hideous things that exist in the modern world , something which is clearly identifiable as   atomization  , a prelude to totalitarianism .
[russia] relativity does nt real either , you can not excuse your shortcoming by pointing out that most nations may have some things worse or the same .
[russia] 2nd man   declaration to  militia guns , who are obey to kiev s junta ...  unclr  there will be only the citizens of donbass , and only  those  who want to serve the people of donbass  croud   hooray
[russia] i have many friends that come from eastern european countries and they all think that eu has done lots of good for their countries  and this is very understandable as eu is funding everything from motorways to culture , not to mention that due to eu citizens from these countries have had the ability to move all over eu .
[russia] what you said about the american in idaho applies in exactly the same way to a russian from chelyabinsk or some idaholike part of russia .
[us] decades of economics that are specifically designed to benefit germany by drainingweakening the rest , and a foreign policy focused on appeasing russia to open it s resource markets at the determinant of eastern european countries    in addition to a weak focus on hard power   is nt going to surprise me at all .
[russia] russian side claims that the ukrainian major was drunk and attacked russian soldier , the soldier was injured and he killed major in selfdefense .
[us] with the russian navy messing with those finnish research ships last week and some finnish navy commander saying that he suspected submarine trials  i wish i could find the source . .  , it s easy to make the link .
[us] but it is even harder when the pilot is trying to be respectful of the sane half of the crew , instead of just tossing them overboard .
[russia] it s the reason why i never travel to sochi in a car  with moscow license plate i had guaranteed  fun times  on this post , up to 1 hour  34 stops and searches by local police after this post .
[russia] on the finnish border each person can take 50kg for  personal use  , so merchants pay to old ladies to cross the border with them ,  kilomummot  as the finns call them .
[russia] i would agree , that the amount of antirussian bullshit has skyrocketed since invasion of crimea , but it was pretty bad even before events of 2021 of february .
[russia] crimean campaign already ruined status quo which was established since 1945  nobody annex anything  , annexation of 2 regions would make situation even worse  especially for usuk who were watchdogs of postwwii world order .
[russia] crimeans wanted back , they had referendums , but ukraine ignored that and scrapped most of their autonomy , and russia just did nt cared enough because of the chaos of nineties .
[us] the cepr study is by definition unable to predict ttip s net impact on employment levels , as the model used in its analysis assumes a fixed supply of labour .
[us] the concept of a unified italian state is still relatively  in european historic terms  new and it s not working for every region within that state .
[us] the spelling might be slightly wrong  perhaps you should also go to pubmed.gov and look up phrases like  legal standard of care  or  gag clause  there are free services too , google scholar , bepress , and many others . .
[russia] i always travel to uk for work ... and i did it so much that sometimes i forgot that london is not only skyscrapers .
[us] i also agree that most people there want to be part of russia and voted that way , but that is not the point at all .
[russia] 1  rufed already does not operate within internationally recognized borders  after annexation of crimea  , it destroyed  pax americana   nobody annexed anything during 70 years  and i bet usgbau  canada will provide a lot of pressure  2  rufed was nt created by will of its population but rather as a chunk of bigger structure and by will of corrupted bureaucrats , it does not have too much support among population  up to suppressed civil wars in caucasus region , brewing separatism movements across whole country including regions populated by russians  and with some pressure  see 1   wo nt survive next deep crisis in single piece .
[us] i am told countless times how usa has a failed government that is overly violent towards people and there are no social safety nets for people .
[russia] nah , it was me who edited the quote and added the word  both  to make fun of the relatively small size of their air force .
[us] this study says 1m jobs would be lost  on both sides of the atlantic  however , those who retained their jobs might see an average income increase of several hundred euros by the next decade .
[us] you then mention nato and the use of nato infrastructure , unless something has changed i recall that nato decision making does not require unanimity so one country  turkey  could not adversely affect a decision in that respect .
[us] i m saying maintain your existing assets the biggest economy on the continent ca nt even keep it s air force flying due to lack of spares .
[us] a year ago i was called a imperialist warmonger  downvoted for oblivion for saying russia is still a threat to the eu as their eurasian union s interests would inevitably collide with the eu s interests in eastern europe .
[us] i think the take away is that our job market is a lot healthier than it is in much of europe , but we still have a ways to go before we get back to where we were in the previous two  recessions  .
[us] i ll take a few mins and type out the most important parts here . . by the way , i time stamped video link to most relevant part .
[us] i changed it  littering  once i realized that , but the point remains breaking the law means jack shit to rather someone deserves sympathy because the law covers everything from the trivial to the abominable .
[russia] they re massive hypocrites and the best defense for their actions they can come up with here is  whataboutism  , which of course they will engage in freely when it suits them  it s like a mirror of their democracy .
[russia] this movie is an attempt to convince russian nationalists it s not putin s fault he has enticed violence in ukraine to create  novorossia  and then betrayed all who believed him and went to die in donetsk , slavyanks , etc.
[us] all the small or local merchants in my city accept cards via square or whatever trendy mobile system because it brings them more business .
[russia] the civil war was a unified struggle of all the people and served to bring the people fighting in it together , effectively forging the soviet identity .
[russia] however i expect there will be prohibition to sell products originated from euus because present structure of the country and  eurasian union  allow import through kazakhstan and belarus .
[us] it s incorrect to say that illegal immigrants only arrive from one country that s smaller in population and land area than the us .
[russia] but someone should do this on the  high levels  , and germany looks like a good candidate , since as far as i know there are some doubts about  general course of action  flying around there  and also because germans feel , with a reason , that their voice will be crucial .
[us] dudes a huge fan of ron paul and despite claims of  being a martian  politically , he has a strong libertarian streak  unless its something  he  wants to spend money on  .
[us] isds , in contrast , allows companies to sue government for any legislation they deem unfair or inequitable that is developed after the treaty  effectively introducing arbitration on legislation .
[us] if we do teach the boy to pull the prepuce back and cleanse his glans , that handling alone is sufficient gradually and almost without the boy s knowledge to initiate him into the habit of masturbation ...
[us] first of all we must cut down the politicians in the goverment to a third of the current number this seems both arbitrary  why a third
[russia] russia is trying to pull the same result as in regional conflicts in georgia and moldova  countries with unresolved military conflicts can not be accepted into nato and eu .
[russia] there is  a lot  of illegal russian money in europe , as funny as it sounds they provide jobs for constructions of villas , german premium car manufacturers , swiss clock makers , london banks , you name it .
[russia] and lastly , this was no lenin statue who no one gives a fuck about , but a memorial for ww2 soldiers , this is no joke for common russian and if you for example would pee in a  eternal fire  in any russian city , there is a decent chance that if get caught  first someone would break a couple of bones in your body and then you will get a criminal record  maybe even serve couple years in colony  httpen.wikipedia.orgwiki2007cyberattacksonestonia
[us] nbsp   there ll come a time when germans say  alright enough it was x years ago get over it , its time for germans to set german foreign policy  .
[russia] hell , i could easily switch to ukrainian flair , i was born in what is now ukraine  chernivtsi , in the west actually .
[us] there is no point in staying in a country that bans you from raising your sons to be part of the people of israel .
[russia] just wondering , how many nations embargoed or sanctioned turkey and how was it carried out , when turkey invaded northern cyprus with nearly 10,000 dead , missing or wounded on the greek cypriot side ... and i am honestly asking , not just being snarky , because i have no idea what sanctions turkey faced .
[russia] note  list in wikipedia is missing at least 2 movements  socalled  zalesie republic  movement  it s small though  and latest  siberian republic   activity   httpwww.newrepublic.comarticle118949russianprosecutorthreatenshutdownslonsiberianselfdetermination  .
[us] favorability ratings are pretty high  uganda , venezuela  62  favorable , mexico 63  , colombia64  , brazil , peru65  , south africa  68  , nigeria  69  , nicaragua  71  , chile  72  , tanzania  75  , ghana  77  , el salvador , kenya  80  .
[russia] i like the sub , it s objective in that you have the blowhard russian nationalists on one side and the constipated ukrainian hohols on the other p
[us] 2  if  europe  calls putin s bluff , putin would simply offer better deals to italy or other regions in an attempt to split off regions from the overall picture .
[russia] now on to what i consider evil and hostile to russia and russian interests , which is nato , led by united states of democracy .
[us] eu should come up with a common policy on the situation because it is nt right for everything to fall on countries like sweden and norway and for an open border union to force only southern countries to deal with border situation .
[us] it costs them hundreds of dollars to see a doctor . .  yes , it counts against a deductible which can be up to around  6000 for an individual or  12000 for a family , thats on top of the premiums  contrast this with what they had before . .
[us] its just to make the uninformed people feel secure when they should be demonstrating for a complete dumping of the existing and pending ftas and new ones to be made with public involvement .
[russia] all you have to do is listen to interviews from ukrainian soldiers that fought on the front to realize that kiev is lying about how well things are going .
[us] the economy of the usa is much bigger than the eurozone and it functions much better than it because there is more central power and weaker states are looked after better .
[russia] nashi have no rotten history behind them and they are not named after anything sinister , it s just a youth organisation for educated young people who come together and discuss various fields of politics , economics , arts etc.
[russia] sanctions are already in place , they already had an impact and will continue to worsen situation , more are en route , where is the  line in the sand  so to speak
[us] in the us it depends where you are but where i am  midwest  most girls will wear something like  this   httpi.imgur.coml2fvj6y.jpg  in public and be fine .
[us] tons of german manufacturers are building plants in the us to take advantage of cheap natural gas costs   httpwww.ibtimes.comnaturalgasboomattractingmanufacturingusoverseastakeadvantagecheaperfuel1582512  , as are many us companies who previously moved their production abroad .
[russia] there s always a way out  sell every factory to western companies , then have the right wing organize another maidan , oust the president , nationalize the industry and decline to pay the loan .
[russia] for sample size 500 , the margin of error  will be   httpideone.comlzuji0  require  binom  binom.confint  x  c  250 , 125 , 75 , 25 , 10 , 5  , n  500 , conf.level  0.95 , method   exact   output  method x n mean lower upper 1 exact 250 500 0.50 0.455285569 0.54471443 2 exact 125 500 0.25 0.212619263 0.29036601 3 exact 75 500 0.15 0.119848623 0.18435964 4 exact 25 500 0.05 0.032615180 0.07292762 5 exact 10 500 0.02 0.009631430 0.03647241 6 exact 5 500 0.01 0.003254721 0.02318139 as you can see for n  500 , the error is approximately equal to 4.5  with confidence 95  , when mean is around 50  , and smaller for small means .
[us] furthermore , people on here just jump on you because of the little american flag , without saying why  usually , because they do nt have a reason why , they just like jumping on you .
[us] alright dude , tell you what , if deflation takes hold than i ll see you in a couple years and ask you how much better things are because of it .
[russia] its really simple , united states decided unilaterally to quit some treaty about antiballistic stuff and put their missiles in polandczezh republic , russia tried to negotiate , relocate , get some guarantees of nonhostility towards russia , we got the middle finger .
[us] what i meant was that jews were such a small segment of the population and had such a low incidence of violence that the state could feel safe in undertaking genocidal violence against jews and could expect to meet little violent resistance or jewish reprisals against civilians .
[russia] a scramble for resources so to speak and you would not be invited  i am sure this wo nt happen though , since humanity has a history of working together for a common goal and putting aside their differences , right
[us] our rivalries come strictly from the histories of the teams , whereas it seems rivalries in european sports come from the history of the countries .
[us] and many believe , see ferguson and the churches that sued their state governments for not allowing gay marriage , that it still can be .
[russia] right sector  denied that they had personal numbered badges   httpedition.cnn.com20140420worldeuropeukraineshootingindex.html    we only have id cards with letters , where we mention the department where the person works  .
[russia] freight cart had one of its details positioned incorrectly during loading process and during turn freight cart has leaned too far and struck passenger train .
[russia] i believe there are even talks about debt prisons somewhere in the states , if this is not 18 century shit , i do nt know what is .
[russia] no such thing in russian history , first we had constant wars between rurikid princes , then the mongols came , then the lithuanians , then the poles and the crimean tatars , then the swedes , the french , then more french and the british , then wwi , two revolutions , a civil war , the purges , wwii , the 90 s and now eu is imposing sanctions instead of kidnapping putin s daughter .
[us] httpnkdb.orgbbs1datapublicationpoliticalprisoncampinnorthkoreatoday.pdf httpnkdb.orgbbs1datakornkbdpapersurveyreportonpoliticalprisonerscampinnorthkoreafinaledit5.pdf hrnk has also compiled a great deal of information , which makes extensive use of satellite imagery  httpwww.hrnk.orguploadspdfshrnkhiddengulag2web518.pdf httpwww.hrnk.orguploadspdfsnkhiddengulagdavidhawk  2  . pdf httpwww.hrnk.orguploadspdfshrnkkengausetranslation52913.pdf the first report from an inmate , venezuelan poet ali lameda who had been released  as a personal favor to romanian dictator nikolai ceaucescu  ali lameda    a personal account of a prisoner of conscience in the democratic people s republic of korea   httpwww.amnesty.orgarlibraryassetasa240021979en0045d95dbdab47e0a08cdc969d5db2aeasa240021979en.pdf   amnesty international  1976  this is the historic first personal account by a westerner of the dprk s prison conditions
[russia] there is no other way to survive for any show , just because virtually all of russian tv channels are controlled by putin via his minions  media mogul yury kovalchuk , in this case .
[russia] not even a eu membership would do that  even if ukraine someday decided to apply for a eu membership there would be benefits and new opportunities for russia and russian businesses too .
[us] nobody knows what we can do when we have a world where few people  need to work   except of course , for money ...  that fact underlies all the acts of the global elites .
[us] these are extremely problematic to reintegrate into any kind of  greater  hungary without taking large numbers of other ethnicities , and creating a diplomatic and geographic nightmare .
[us] seizing a chunk of land the size of belgium in less than a day and presenting ukraine with a fait accompli was pretty impressive .
[us] second , chavez s ability to do the good things he did , to whatever extent he did , for the poor of venezuela was based entirely off of selling oil .
[russia] lol , if america buys this ship , putin should just keep making orders and have us buy them up just to bankrupt the us .
[us] in so far as it takes effect at all , pacifist propaganda can only be effective against those countries where a certain amount of freedom of speech is still permitted  in other words it is helpful to totalitarianism   httpbennorton.comgeorgeorwellonpacifism  .
[us] its entirely possible that that tisa mode four become much more popular than its counterpart in the gats is. , in any case , it represents a potential way for the developed countries to increase their trade leverage , trading other people s jobs for market access in the developing countries .
[us] it would be different if he had a picture of stalin on his shirt i suppose but i can not agree with banning just the general symbol of communism .
[us] for instance , if a municipality is later unhappy with a private company s performance , and wants to take back its water system , it not only must compensate the company under u.s. law , but the u.s. government must also compensate all potentially affected trading partners for their corporations  lost business opportunities .
[us] you say that like its exactly the same as being one country with one chain of command , intelligence agency , logistics agency , etc , and not a few dozen .
[us] i do nt wish any harm to france and want the french economy to do well , but damn it , there are lots of countries in the world to sell weapons to .
[russia] ukraine was always mismanaged and people were unhappy  and politics were unstable , so no single party could get too much power , even as they tried their hand at the same methods of intimidation and murder as are much more commonplace in russia .
[us] httpwww.forbes.comsitestimworstall20140825britainispoorerthananyusstateyesevenmississippi  however , some states are obviously much richer than others , so how come the us is considered an optimum currency area and the eurozone is not
[russia] senator has offered to create database of child porn  to fight it more effectively  meaning it will be ok to watch child porn for government officials on this website  database   of course mizulina is crazy , and fuck her , but it s not that insane .
[russia] older people quite often have only tv as their source of  news  , which means that they have extremely distorted view of world and state of economy .
[us] do you think everything is so nice in the us that there is no reason for comparisons with other countries so you , as a nation , can try and look for improvements
[us] another study by mcfadden in 1998 found that auditory systems in the brain , another physical trait influenced by prenatal hormones is different in those of differing orientations  likewise the suprachiasmatic nucleus was found by swaab and hofman to be larger in homosexual men than in heterosexual men .
[russia] the strategy of propagandists in moscow throughout the crisis engendered by the malaysian aircraft shootdown has been to boldly and wildly throw up different contradictory explanations and make fierce accusations in rapid succession , seeing if one sticks and moving on to another as western skepticism grows .
[russia] february 23  prosecutors merged all maidan murders into the single criminal proceeding about mass murder in the center of kiev httpwww.pravda.com.uarusnews201402237015928  february 23  makhnitsky states that parts of a sniper rifle and shells were found in the national bank of ukraine during investigation httpkorrespondent.netukrainepolitics3310190snaiperskoeoruzhyeobnaruzhylyvnbumakhnytskyi  february 24  deputy lt. gen moscal publishes plans of yanukovich against maidan , publishes the names of people who commanded snipers , etc.
[us] one of the dozen or so reasons given for deleting at least 70  of the posts on them is  not us news  if it refers to ttip , the people in  rpolitics and  rnews insist that  reurope is the only place for it
[russia] nyt publishes  this article   httpwww.nytimes.com20130722opinionrussiasantigaycrackdown.htmlr0  that says   the law could mean that any olympic athlete , trainer , reporter , family member or fan who is gay  or suspected of being gay , or just accused of being gay  can go to jail .  which is blatant lie , and it s obvious to anyone who actually reads the law in question .
[us] i do nt agree with the circumstances we involved ourselves in iraq under nor do i agree with the way the occupation was initially carried out until about 20072008   luckily soon after we got a firm hold on the situation we left  s , but just for reference the iraqi public asked for the withdrawal through a referendum iirc so meh   .
[us] cmon , just admit that it is only to grab money from the germans who do nt know about the old road on their way to croatia  .
[russia] but back to ww2 and su , after the victory churchill proposed a plan to redraw maps of europe and establish spheres on influence .
[russia] to connect the fact that we want to stay that way to some kind of national pride in the cossacks is a bit peculiar to me .
[russia] here is another trollish piece of news   as was recently discovered   http112.uaobshchestvoglavamvdharkovskoyoblastizayavilobotsutstviirossiyansredizaderzhannyhizzazahvataoga46077.html  , not one of the 64 arrested separatists in kharkov turned out to be russian citizens .
[russia] right , right , never burned anyone and then cheered about the death of 40  of your own countryman , never occupied government buildings before , never beated anyone on the streets , never used firearms , never threw molotovs at the police , never extorted business or flats from anyone and so on .
[us] you can say anything you want  as long as the common abbreviated name is mentioned as well as the important fact they are huge ftas , the largest ever , important to everybody in america , in other words , if i am right , a very high percentage of even your profta posts that mentions them by name and obviously clues people in to the fact that they affect almost everybody , will get deleted on some pretext or other .
[russia] so , nazi s handed france , britain , soviet union , united states and other  lesser states  armies their asses in initial warfare , but poland would somehow magically  reborn like a phoenix  and beat the shit out of them
[russia] it is nothing like north korea in a way that the capital is open , there are hip cafes and restaurants , there is an actual functioning industry  the government recently sold some shares in its trolleybus and tram producing company to stadler , a swiss public transportation manufacturer  , there are exports and the public transportation is amazing .
[us] just because i think it s interesting to compare  httpwww.nrel.govgisimagesmapcspusjunemay2004.jpg to harmonize the scales , keep in mind that 1000 on the first scale is roughly 2.7 on this scale , and the top of the first scale is about 6 on this scale .
[us] it s going to be a slow march though , and i do nt think it ll actually happen any time in the next couple of decades .
[russia] he is not crazy and there is no sentiment for  helping out  those countries , they are independent and no one really cares about them .
[russia] ...  daniil galitsky chose the former course ,  a natural and logical one at the culturalhistorical level ,  and aleksandr nevsky chose the latter ,  a most profound perversion with farreaching consequences .  wat
[us] its a huge facility , and the contamination inside of a single room in a large cave where a large number of waste containers are stored is still quite significant when we realize that there is no way of knowing if the same set of circumstances will in the future lead to more failures of more containers in more rooms .
[russia] i do nt remember the story exactly , but it had something to do with false info on nuke launch from u.s and him refusing to act on it .
[us] by prodding the defenses of nato , putin accomplishes two eminently important things , he  maps  the strategic capabilities of the threat while simultaneously cementing himself as the most uncompromised prorussia russian in the political sphere , thus in turn making any critics of his actions into the image of western puppets .
[us] if you get shot , obviously , you re in no position to refuse care , just so you wont lose your home , in fact , you may not even be conscious .
[us] if a large economy like italy took the lower gas prices , they d be able to crush neighboring countries when it comes to manufacturing prices , thereby creating a major internal rift in the eu .
[us] it s definitely easy to see how the us is the most expensive system by far  in general it errors on the side of caution with almost all diagnosis .
[us] plus the economy which is wholly dominated by germany thanks to the euro undervaluing it s exchange rate and it s staunch opposition to a strong fiscal union , thus draining the industrial markets of it s neighbors and handicapping southern europe s recovery to increase german influence .
[russia] that type of wisdom and foresight is not found in fiveyear leaders that probably wo nt be elected again unless they manage to please all the oligarchs  or the majority  .
[us] ccpa publications are a very reliable  perhaps one of the better ones that i know of , source of info on at least a dozen ftas  every fta that involves canada , which is a great many  also on general traderelated topics  here is how to find them .
[russia] they ca nt promote hate on basis of race or nationality or conceal identity of their members or advocate using force to take power .
[russia] both reasons are obsolete , of course , but there are places in russia where time has stopped a half of the century ago .
[us] its like a list of talking points that are endless parroted against the west , each with a tiny sliver of truth but blown out of all proportion .
[us] hell , quite a few european countries that  buy european  discover that their equipment are nt wired for american munitions , and  by far  there are more of our munitions floating around out there than european analogs of them .
[us] they came out ahead , they made a lot of money , they are still well known and they went on to other things , but their aspirations were ultimately frustrated by a system that is extremely good  and rapidly getting better  at stealing from people .
[us] but the existence of dozens of arab villages in israel demonstrates that deir yassin , even if we believe the arab accounts of it , was the exception , not the rule .
[russia] more problems will arise in future in central asia thats for sure , but russian officials has more immediate  threats  to deal with  at least in their heads  .
[us] and you got  france   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikimilitaryhistoryoffrancenapoleonicfrance  which has a pretty big bag , and whom has also intervened   30 times in africa    httpwww.rfi.frafrique201007141960201050ansinterventionsmilitairesfrancaisesafrique  since  1960  .
[us] the result has imposed the juridical equivalent of  guilty until proven innocent  on any manufacturer seeking permission to introduce a product into the marketplace , demanding that public protection from potential harm be placed ahead of commercial interests .
[russia] when this started i thought of this as an early electoral campaign to get some votes for opposition and interested parties , now its spiraling out of control into full scale revolution with capturing of local administrations and such .
[russia] this union is just juridical legitimization of reality in which russia is already sinking billions into belarus and  stans without getting anything but temporary  friends  in return .
[russia] i remember times when our parliament was not united russia with a majority of votes , there were plenty of liberal oriented forces , plenty of fights in duma , throwing water in face of political opponent  hi zhirinovskii  and a whole lot of other funky business .
[us] to be fair , even most americans would nt say they wanted to go to nm or iowa if you asked them what state they wanted to go on vacation to .
[us] china is nt trying to make the rmb strong  i m not quite sure where you got that  they re make it a suitable alternative reserve currency to the us dollar .
[russia] lawyers versed in the process and we were told that to take it  the regional status  , it is not necessary  it is automatically put into effect .
[russia] i d be horrified too as we ve witnessed how  200 russian spetsnaz troopers took over whole region with 2 millions unprepared people during just few hours .
[russia] anything less than that is clearly not enough , they will remember everything which is russia s fault , everything which is nt russia s fault and blame it on russia and it still wo nt be enough .
[russia] there were two options   1  secede from ukraine and join russia or  2  return to 1992 year constitution of crimean republic  illegally scrapped by mainland government in 1994 iirc  which states that crimea is an autonomous republic and a part of ukraine  but the autonomy was quite strong , to the point that mainland ukraine ca nt restrict with which foreign states crimea can and can not have relations  .
[us] a report by fse , the austrian foundation for development research , released in april this year ,  httpttip2014.eublogdetailblogofse20study.html  analysed four reports on ttip  ecorys  2009  , cepr  2013  , cepii  2013  and bertelsmannifo  2013   in an attempt to answer some of these issues .
[us] they will have much more power over their fate as part of the eu bloc rather than as an independent but tiny state without clout .
[us] why do nt you offer some alternative explanations for the issues i point out , presenting your proneoliberalism arguments , if you have any , instead of trying to block out my voice  as we appear to be among only a very very few people from our own country  the us  who even know these globe changing  free trade   non   agreements exist
[us] quoting  basu  2011    httpbooks.google.combooksid8vmo3vpqi0ccamppgpa81    circumcision is essentially a surgical excision of the prepuce and it involves removal of many of the finetouch corpuscular receptors .
[us] so concerned about  genocide  yet very quick to tell ukrainians to shut the fuck up and be good russian slaves and do nt you dare hurt putin s ego .
[us] if you could make double what you earn , and live somewhere like northern california , you do nt think you d make the jump
[russia] a day will come when you think yourself safe and happy , and suddenly your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth , and you ll know the debt is paid .
[us] the goal is to make the standard of care expected to be delivered to the poor nothing or almost nothing , the working class a little bit more , the middle class a little bit more , with onl the very wealthy getting what could be described as midern , good quality health care .
[us] and the corporations are winning these cases or stopping the behavior they sued about  like single payer health care in achmea v. slovak republic  often after a suit has been filed , corporations  settle for  huge but confidential payoffs  which is basically winning  its been estimated that some outcome which is against the public interest occurs in  70  of them .
[us] yes i was nt sure what you were trying to get at , so i made sure to ask since you were nt clear .
[russia] what s more , with this offer yanukovych appears to have once again stabbed his own people in the back and contributed to a lowering in regime morale .
[russia] try a source that is nt so blatantly propagandized   rogozin bans use of russian engines for u.s. launches  iss participation to cease in 2020   httpwww.parabolicarc.com20140513rogozinbansrussianengineslaunchesissparticipationcease2020
[russia] i have been studying english since may and i must will have it done by the time when iron curtain come down again d edit  a word
[us] even in places with relatively low rates of genital cutting like canada  1530   , a doctor can net more than a million dollars a year doing nothing but infant genital surgeries .
[russia] sorry , you do nt make any sense whatsoever and based on the second half of your message with some irrelevant points , straw mans and so on , i think i ll let you rumble here alone for a while .
[russia] i live approximately 15km away from potential targets  or at least i am not aware of any targets that are closer   so i have good chances to survive , maybe even get away unscathed if i wo nt stand near windows when the blast wave hit  if radiation cloud will turn away .
[us] there are a few main categories of aid   university aid  government aid  private aid under university aid , we have the following categories   scholarships  free money that comes with a target gpa to keep usually , so if you keep good grades you get your tuition reduced .
[russia] we have a good chunk of our territory occupied by russians it s actually other way around  crimea is finally free from ukrainian occupation .
[us] the only reason germany has become a powerhouse is because they ve used the eurocrisis , which has brought the south to it s knees , to consolidate as much industrial capital as they can within germany to the determinant of the rest of the eurozone given a artificially undervalued exchange rate meant to boost their exports thanks to german influence on the euro .
[us] red states across the board dislike government , does nt change the fact that red states average more money taken in from the federal govt .
[us] the war brought virtual anarchy to what was a stable country and unleashed massive pent up hatred between the sunni and shia muslims and virtual civil war between them .
[us] we re at number  9 overall and our infrastructure in itself   not including all the surrounding variables which brings us down to  9   is comparable to many other european countries , even better in a number of cases .
[us] i moved a response i had written here at this level  about censor ship on some reddit groups of ttip , tisa , tpp , gats and all other ftas and public healthcare issues  a squelching of everything which could clue americans in about these monstrosities  basically  up to a higher comment level so it can be seen if people want to see it .
[russia] china pursues its own interest which is natural , thus a lot of asean countries ally themselves with u.s  regional countries against rising china .
[us] you do nt understand the conflict because you have made no effort to understand what exactly motivates israelis  that is ,  what they are afraid of  .
[russia] econ is a bitch , i know everyone hates paying for the mistakes of those rich buggers , but we have to , or else we want our job and growth market to hit the fritz , and i mean in a way that you could never imagine .
[russia] it is up to you to filter information and decide what is an obvious propaganda , spin or white washing and what is the other side of the coin .
[russia] you can see the stats  here  from a unodc s global study  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofcountriesbyintentionalhomiciderate  plus  violent crime   httpwww.bbc.comnewsuk27119689  is falling in most western countries including uk ...
[russia] i heard you guys are doing relatively well economically and have like 97  monoethnicity or smtn , surely a bit immigrants here and there wo nt harm , right
[us] to be granted , poland did inflict heavy losses in the first few days and did well for the army inequalities , but they certainly did not have a chance of defending themselves .
[us] i m just saying , the concept of  freeriding  has a lot of shades , but not many of them relate so closely with the concept of  responsibility  .
[russia] and the guys were like    go ahead , mates , tell us about the football   and we were like    what the hell is the football
[russia] this statement was widely spread in news , but for the moment it s very hard to find it , so i quote it from my memory .
[russia] i was nt able to find recent survey of volgograd residents , but found  this one from 2002   httpwww.fundresearch.runewsitem2118    4.6   completely support renaming  12.7   mostly support  14.5   not formed opinion yet  29.0   mostly against  29.9   totally against so that was roughly the same as in russia as whole  17  supporters vs 59   .
[us] they routinely spout conspiracies about this war , how all ukrainians are nazis and funded by a nwo in the west , and how the us is determined to kill russia and putin .
[russia] a few years ago you could go to russian popular websites and see a real attitude towards russian state when state policy became increasingly unpopular  nothing compared with today but at that time still completely unbelievable  , politics became the  1 topic on internet , rigged elections in 20112012 were followed by rallies powered by internet communities  the only free space for objective media  , biggest since 90 s , putin learned the role of technology and tons of proputin trolls appeared .
[russia] russia has a lot of people with  a degree  , but the quality of those degrees is closer to  attend lectures , pay money and participate in exams  n stuff , congratz you have a degree .
[russia] also , of course , i do not pretend to be the definitive source of information on what is the way of things in russia .
[us] the majority of the continent is now made up of democratic , stable , states which are currently at peace with each other and primarily allied with the united states .
[russia] prevalent opinion about it in russia atm  it s worthless , its coal  and other natural resources  cost pennies  propagandists are trying to discredit natouaus  eu as if they were fighting for monetary reasons while rebels fight for some ideals  instead of putin s personal ambitions which alienated ukraine , destroyed cis , united  golden billion  against russia  .
[us] not trying to brag at all but a european military alliance with out any us involvement that has the same power projection as nato is decades away .
[us] the point is only a few countries are seriously expressing a commitment to the common defense , everyone else is expecting to get bailed out by those few countries .
[russia] that s an inherent flaw in the system that s not just stalin s fault because i do not believe us or eu are just as dictatorprone as ussr was .
[russia] i remember videos of people with sniper rifles , i remember people with aks in hotel of ukraine  i do nt remember the name exactly  .
[russia] the right sector   4 most active radical organizations which rejected  phony truce  2 days ago  declared  they ll continue fight   httpswww.facebook.comdyastrubposts599359316807623  as they do nt trust yanukovich .
[us] the argument is merely that russian speakers are more likely , in relative terms , to be blinkered by russian propaganda than someone who is unable to speak that language .
[russia] i m sure we ll see much worse examples in the nearest future  like abducting , torturing and killing foreign citizens for imaginable crimes just like it happens with rufed citizens for years ... oh , wait , nevermind  this is happening already .
[us] most of us know nothing about ttip , tisa , tpp , etc , and are trying to understand why he keeps saying things that leftists say  such a skilled actor  but doing the things the right would do  often in secret trade negotiations  what i am saying is that politicians are breaking the rules that used to hold and the only weapon against this is lifting up these rocks and getting some light in there .
[us] i doubt any of them are  actually  stretched too thin answering stupid calls , i see them all the time sitting on street corners waiting to catch a driver going a little too fast or waiting outside ghettos to harrass a black kid on the off chance that they have weed .
[russia] fuck the ottomans , and the mongols , the arabs , the turks , the french , the germans , the nazis , the japanese , the english , and soon . . fuck the americans .
[russia] oh i agree , but i also agree that every city in ukraine has a right to self determination in these instances , prorussian , profederalization , or prokiev .
[russia] our bureaucracy is corrupted , they steal all the money  let s become a part of them  i d say this is the closest thing to  russian dream    national idea   .
[us] if i got offended every time someone took a stupid shot at americans especially on this sub i would spend my whole time complaining .
[us] the truth is that russia was never willing to close the deal because they wanted eu money instead of the money china was offering .
[us] and which really changed the mediterranean for 1000 years , ushering in a long period of upheaval  the eruption and its aftermath were to become the basis for the plagues of egypt in the old testament of the bible .
[us] with lobbying you can look at a piece of paper and see , oh , fuckwad is taking money for dickwad  but without it , you do nt know who s influencing fuckwad .
[russia] if you want to be neutral and stay out  you either need to be a natural fortress with every single household having a gun and rigged tunnels , roads , bridges  controlling your neighbors money  swiss  or if you are far away and possess no strategical significance you can trade both sides and profit immensely  sweden  .
[russia] governments of certain european countries who recently started to look like  friends  of kremlin should check eastern ukraine , south ossetia , abkhazia , transistria for examples  what happened with regions which did not actively opposed kremlin s ideas
[russia] cia does nt have to  sell  projects to the public , they have their black funds ... p thing is , putin got an autocrat even more brutal than him  ramzan kadyrov  to run chechnya .
[us] and the search for better opportunities is no longer confined mostly to the united states  europeans are increasingly migrating to africa and south america as well .
[us] he definitely leaned heavily towards faithbased charities , and he cut taxes in the middle of a war , but he also had the most expansion set of healthcare benefits put in place since the lbj administration  medicare d  , and , uh ... the pacific remote islands national monument
[russia] i will have to wait and see how this plays out , the western media have been saying quite a few things that were nt so about crimea , but after a year we might be able to see which way it swings .
[russia] note  kazakhstan state was somewhat friendly toward ethnic russians so far  and it was the only southern ussr republic where russians were nt expelled deliberately  ethnic cleansing  or  accidentally   civil war between locals  .
[russia] highlights  there is no legitimate ukrainian government , it was uzurped by impostors , ideologic successors of bandera  bolsheviks gave to ukraine historically russian territories  modern southeast of ukraine  , khruschev actions were against soviet constitution  crimean people asked to protect their rights and lives , so it was not possible to leave them in the lurch  it would be a treason then  russian opposition is apparently 5th column and  national traitors  .
[us] it s one of the best articles written on the ukraine situation  john mearsheimer  20 aug , 2014  ,  why the ukraine crisis is the west s fault  the liberal delusions that provoked putin    httpwww.foreignaffairs.comarticles141769johnjmearsheimerwhytheukrainecrisisisthewestsfault
[us] gerrymandering  placing voting districts in that way  is a technique to ensure one party remains in power , not to ensure any particular race is disenfranchised .
[us] this is what the us did to escape the great depression , and what the us did in 2009 as well  although not quite as much  .
[us] httpwww.reddit.comraskredditcomments2hckuqwhatcrazyconspiracytheoryturnedouttobetrueckrib35  httpwww.reddit.comrconspiracycomments1q81meconspiraciesfromhistorythatturnedouttobe   tl , dr  there are a lot of major things in history that people denied as conspiracy theories and ended up being true .
[russia] you freeze money or restrain capital  you loose credibility and reputation of a safe haven , cyprus was 1 st bell , this is more of a gong .
[us] when you have the educated and internet savvy that speak english talking like barbarians that cheer and beg for nuclear war and empire i can only imagine the uneducated that only have access to russian media and speak just russian .
[us] thus , if the u.s. began to export water but then learned that it was harmful to the environment , it could not reduce the original amount of export without fear of a wto challenge .
[us] i inferred this conclusion , based on my  gut feeling  of how europe would theoretically have to start spending 2  , 3  , 4  , 5  , etc.
[russia] haha , anyway , i have 12 by your name , i have no idea what you did to earn that unless you re from srs , because i upvote those folks quite a bit
[us] i think the ftas are increasingly used , to play groups off against each other , internationally , to keep wages and costs down .
[us] i know any and every topic is a wonderful opportunity to bash america , but the topic was france and france is hardly alone on eu compliance .
[russia] lastly , about injustice stuff , united states for example has a bigger income inequality disparity than anyone in the world and i believe there are about 50 million people on food stamps or smtn , why no one revolting there , when trillions of dollars are pumped into wall street
[russia] ...  in case of landing into japan , imperial government and military command planned to evacuate into korea and manchuria , and continue to fight there .
[us] i think despite that , as an american living in san francisco where we had 10  turnout for our last city election , we re glad to see such a large turnout for a historic referendum .
[us] i was visiting some friends who live in sweden this summer and we took a ferry from sweden to aland  i do nt know how to make the circle over the a  and he told me that many people take this  booze cruise  to aland specifically for the duty free alcohol .
[russia] but as a politician he was quite weak , he went with both radical political and economical reforms and kind a failed in russians eyes .
[russia] what i am afraid of , is that eventually we will go back to early xx century work environment which was pretty close to slavery and there is enough evidence that we are slowly , but surely walking in that direction .
[us] i knew it would nt , i knew the democrats and republicans would come together at the 11th hour and that it was all just political theater .
[us] this obesity graph is either outdated or incorrect  mexico recently overtook the us as the country with the highest obesity rate , so using this graph i feel does nt give you much credibility , even with other countries .
[us] selfdefense is fine , but the thought process of  using force to deal with international threats  is nt used for that , it s used to justify illegal attacks in syria , iraq , pakistan , afghanistan and elsewhere .
[us] let s see who wins that contest of me naming examples of them doing it and you naming examples of them not doing it .
[russia] we are not exactly easy to get going , but when we do , boy , hold on to your horses , you are in for a wild ride .
[us] the people trying to reach europe are desperate and if you were in the same position you would probably try to do the same thing , that does nt mean they should be given welcome parties and free citizenship on arrival , but a little bit of compassion and understanding would nt hurt .
[us] also , the employer s relationship will be with the contracting companies , the contracting companies will deal with their sub contractors , and they will deal with their subsub contractors .
[us] also , read up on what  standstill  means in the trade agreement context , trade agreements standstills block any new public services  they have a clause which blocks them .
[us] in our earlier petition  prm5096  , we indicated that the commission staff should consider on  site  solar powered  systems as a complement to emergency diesel generators .
[russia] yeah we do have all that and if we someday by some miracle stop being retarded , our model can not be replicated exactly because we have everything .
[us] along with pathologizing the foreskin , conflating  therapeutic  surgical destruction of defective foreskin and  nontherapeutic   cultural destruction of healthy foreskin is one of the main ways the antiforeskin movement has promoted foreskin destruction in the us .
[us] which would lead to a huge number of americans really being heavily impacted , losing their jobs and in many cases , homes , just so the already wealthy energy industry can make a killing selling lng to asia .
[us] visualize a feudal system tying the inhabitants of a land to always have to pay whatever is asked or pay whatever is asked  they can not say no , we dont want it any more  what would corporations do if given carte blanche to draw up binding deals to leverage their current positions of inappropriate and unwisely given power into permanent entitlement to tribute
[us] he s still on reddit , but it looks like he s done with the european subreddit and is just hanging out in gaming subs now .
[russia] colorado plateau  zion np , bryce np , arches np , grand canyon np and too many state parks and national monuments to mention here .
[russia] as usual a huge number of violations by kremlin s candidates is observed even before the official election day , and policeinvestorsprosecutors do nothing about it .
[us] edit   5 years in germany and about 50 doeners later from all over the place , the only real difference i can imagine between the nyc kebab scene  or even little greek gyro places you find all over the place  is the sauce .
[russia] on practice , if russia was expecting an escalation in terms of sanctions and its role in ukraine , we should have reacted way before and created and implemented a variety of policies and plans , to counter possible negatives .
[russia] to me , this album looks a lot more  carefully selected  than englishrussia  in fact , i think i ve seen a couple of these photos on englishrussia before .
[russia] any way , the point is , the very same top western pr firms who won the propaganda war for tbilisi in 2008 , are currently spinning things for kiev .
[russia] but really though , i had a chuckle , reminded me of lavrov , he can be rather blunt sometimes , which makes me smile .
[russia] boris stomakhin   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiborisstomakhin  , who called on chechens to commit terrorism against russians and was imprisoned , was presented as a human rights hero and an imprisoned journalist by the west and its russian lickspittles .
[us] and , finally , i do have 2 friends that will sound like a cliche but they re 2 homosexual males in an interracial relationship  one black , one white  in a rural alabama town  80,000 people in the entire county  .
[russia] there is a simple fact , which no one likes to talk about here , but it remains a reality nonetheless , crimea is a russian territory and will remain so in the near future .
[us] if some bavarian guy starts marketing his meat as  new york steaks  there s no one here who can claim to be injured by this decision .
[us] look at the fact that matthew rimmer  is taking approximately the same positions   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvjopnhrbnme  as i have been on isds ,  and he s being consulted as an expert by your government  .
[russia] is a classic , but i would nt really call it a kids cartoon either  i thought it was boring when i was a kid .
[us] most recently , a large number of women , who were interviewed about not about that , but about women s rights in the dprk .
[russia] i have a friend who lights a candle for it , but that s because her grandfather died in the soviet invasion of manchuria against the imperial japanese forces .
[russia] even for olympics and crimea spendings putin had to deprive all the working citizens of a year worth of pension money  it s mandatory pension fund , and all the money for 2014 are officially spended  .
[us] yep , i doubt russia would have invaded ukraine when they could have easily launched a couple of nukes as moscow and saint petersberg .
[us] just because their are a certain amount of obese people in america does nt mean the caricature of all americans being obese is true , that would mean literally every or a vast majority if americans are obese which is not the case , ntm uk , canada , aus , are all around the same area .
[russia] extreme  like , you know , actual fascists did  one example    claiming that italians were a superior race to african races and thereby had the right to colonize the  inferior  africans , it sought to settle 10 to 15 million italians in libya .    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikifascismandideology
[us] another common one is the one  usavannajeff tries to use below       australiasavannajeff  score hidden  an hour ago     do nt link to blogs as a source .
[russia] now if things would go smoothly and in a nonretarded way , there would be 2 parallel branches of power existing up until presidential elections on 25th of may .
[us] so , people should go to school , but we have to accept , that unless we change , and invest a great deal more in education , that it should be for the knowledge s sake .
[us] most of the world is either an important trade partner , our outright a client state of our security apparatus , yours being the latter .
[russia] just please understand that right now , the federation and its people are more united then ever before , and living better then ever before .
[us] i m not sure which of my questions you are responding to , or why  if you responded at all  why you did nt acknowledge the others .
[russia] certainly number will be equal or higher than 3  baltic states   that s besides  the rest of  georgia , ukraine and probably moldova if it wo nt be quick enough to join romania .
[russia] please give an evaluation about division of czechoslovakia in which poland also took part  and did not condemned it as far as i know at the time  .
[russia] besides , there are no examples of abusing this law and there is at least one example of not abusing it  that one about 14 yo lgbt girl  .
[us] 90  of americans wo nt know what a roma is until you tell them gypsies and then they would say  oh like from borrat or the holocaust
[us] given that there is currently a threeyear waiting list for a single ehv transformer  due to recent demand from china and india , lead times grew from one to three years  , and that the total global manufacturing capacity is roughly 100 ehv transformers per year when the world s manufacturing centers are functioning properly , you can begin to grasp the implications of widespread transformer losses .
[russia] i know we kind a already do this stuff , but nowhere near the required level if we wanted to sever our ties with west , hell , china does this shit for decades and no one really cares it seems .
[us] yes the  5 billion dollars the us government spent in ngo s in ukraine over the last decade which resulted in two coups of russianeastern backed leaders is not trying to take russia down .
[russia] no , simple matter of money and pride  russia apologizes   russia is an occupant and has to pay a shit ton of money for  suffering victims  and be ashamed for its actions .
[us] i would nt be surprised if china , facing an economical crisis in the near future , decides to establish a puppet in siberia giving the local siberianturkic people power in exchange for endless rare mineral resources ... or even funding dagestani rebels to get a lil oil out of the caspian basin .
[us] i was pointing out the hypocrisy of talking about usa while living in a country that shrugs off the rules of the eu while being a member .
[us] if you subscribe to any of a number of services here in the us that provide  for a fairly reasonable amount of money , access to large numbers of  medicolegal  journals , or if you have access to a large university library which subscribes to them or similar , you can read about the strategy in legal journals dealing with  medical ethics  and law . .
[us] i went to eat with an new acquaintance last week and got there a little late and they had a coke waiting for me since that was all they had seen me order in restaurants .
[russia] but first and foremost people in donetsk and other cities have to sleep in shelters thanks to the terrorists who intentionally and willfully shell residential areas without any legitimate military target around .
[russia] when it s time to fling mud at russia or israel they ll use slavic or arab deaths , but otherwise it s ignore time .
[russia] and of course you can not ask anyone to come until the application is approved , since that would mean you re inviting them to take part in an  illegal  protest .
[russia] on these money in moscow you can only rent a shitty apartment far from city center or metro stations with little money left for food and other necessities .
[us] doesnt mean your country isn  t one of the worst in the world with regards to income inequality and steadily becoming worse in that respect .
[russia] its not like nato was not expanding prior to ukrainian conflict or did not had plans for that either   not that russia has any right to complain though , since we lack in terms of  positive message  for the world in any way , shape or form .
[us] intention is what matters , and the people trying to get into europe are no trying to hurt anybody they are just looking for a better life .
[russia] russians can be quite racist , but really , tatars are not in the hit list of russian neonazis , that would be the central asian illegal migrants usually , sometimes jews .
[russia] what is more likely  fifa not giving a shit about crimea and russiaukraine relations  i doubt they even bothered to check the video beforehand in relations to peninsula  or fifa is prorussian conspiracy group legitimizing annexation of crimea via football related video
[russia] separatists consists of a shit ton of parties with a whole variety of views from reconstructors  people who like some medieval shit action  , to monarchists , cossacks , a bunch of far right ,  opportunistscriminals   they do commit crimes and get executed by the laws of  war time  it seems  , old military in retirement  and occasional  vacationers   , communists or people with leftists views and a bunch of others .
[us] to give you an example , in the yukos case , a huge 50 billion euros fine was recently awarded to a bunch of expat russian oligarchs against russia for breaking a  90s era  energy treaty which had never been ratified .
[us] if the world suddenly stopped recognizing hawaii as a u.s. state , it would nt change anything with regard to hawaiians  status in america .
[russia] long story short , ua forces lost a lot of military equipment in numerous meaningless , noncoordinated , poorly thoughtout attacks in hope to raise the flag over one more village as soon as possible .
[us] the bosnian friends i have made are great , and we are taking one out to dinner at a place called dubrovnik for her birthday .
[russia] this is a simple game of chess with quite predictable outcomes if i may , did russian government seriously thought there would be no repercussions
[russia] let s be real here , europe imports russian resources not because they love us so much , but because its financially best option for them and other options  including shit like renewables  is simply more expensive .
[us] as a capitalist i find the nonsense spouted by many about the soviet union s downfall as insulting.the cause is not even mentioned once by the vast majority of these people .
[russia] trere is this joke now in russia   west made  surgical  sanction so that they do nt affect common people , but putin decided to correct this mistake  .
[us] there are many countries around the world that should be happy if the us is nt active in their region , because , you know , when the united states is in your region of the world , in some cases , you know , its like sleeping with an elephant  there s always the danger that the elephant will roll over and crush you .
[russia] second  to set the date for special presidential election in ukraine on may 25 , 2014 constitution does nt describe what to do in this situation , so everything you cite is irrelevant .
[us] stop thinking random news stories represent the us and it looks like you re trying to discredit your friends , who had what looks to be a good experience in the us , based on their  demographic  .
[us] speaking of rt propaganda , i saw a documentary by them that said that afghanistan wanted russia to annex it and they liked being occupied by russia .
[russia] it s a brilliant setup really , a former rebel leader , son of an even more important rebel leader , turns coats , makes a devil s pact with putin , now has his own fiefdom with autonomy that not even us states can enjoy  well , as far as he is concerned , he can do anything in his chechnya that does not direct weaken russian control of it  .
[russia] considering that it was deleted with ignoring correct procedure by sysop with strong prosoviet views and history of povpushing , i think that it s a clear example of povpushing by admins .
[us] we just do nt grasp that obama is actually pushing one agenda in the news media and at the same time , working to forever block and undermine good government and policy in these three permanent , irreversible ftas .
[us] you can talk about stingy green cards , but the country as a whole has huge amounts of illegal immigrants with a very lax enforcement policy .
[us] saudi arabia is flooding the market with oil to  hinder  the united states in shale oil extraction so they can preserve their market shale .
[us] apparently casual antisemitism and mocking other s cultural heritage by making holocaust jokes is how you like to advertise your european way of life .
[us] do nt make the assumption they are like the kinds of politicians you used to have a long time ago  or perhaps still have if you are lucky
[us] the tension between the parties was evident from the morning , for technical consultation on november 9 independence and can not be done , at least as initially proposed in the decree of convocation of it .
[russia] google translate   russia should be considered a unique and distinctive civilization , that ca nt be reduced to either the west or to the east .
[russia] its the same thing with reddit  my rights online my rights , btw heres a ban because you disagree with me and browse this x subreddit which i do not want you to browse  its like pffffffffff what is there to talk about
[russia] said rebels downed 2 ukrainian airplanes during 2 days including  bomber su24   httpwww.rbc.rurbcfreenews20140614144017.shtml  and  transport plane with 49 people on board   httptop.rbc.ruincidents14062014930161.shtml   now even naive people can understand ukrainian army is fighting against well trained and equipped military , not just local peasants   protesting  ukrainians stormed russian embassy in kiev   httpwww.agi.itenglishversionworldelenconotizie201406141819croren1036demonstratorsstormrussianembassyinkiev  and painted swastikas on cars and walls   government continue routinely  killing of our  own  rebels   httpitartass.comproisshestviya1248733  on caucasus , label them as terrorists   law enforcers are serious about their version of  sabotage in recent space rocket crash   httpwww.echo.msk.runews1337452echo.html  , someone from those space engineers is about to go to jail    ukrainian apc lost direction and appeared on russian territory   httptop.rbc.ruincidents13062014930156.shtml  , crew left it and russian border guards secured the vehicle   during military parade to celebrate  day of russia  apc ran over a person   nondashcam video   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvpzrqn2oyqeg    luganda  a.k.a.
[russia] i wonder how the world will be for you after the developing world becomes strong enough to do something about the past few hundred years of ongoing murderous and exploitative european imperialism .
[us] but if organizers allow shit like  this   httpshare.gifyoutube.comy7bz1d.gif  it s worth noting that this sort of thing is a direct measure of how civilized your society is , and by extension the upper limit of prosperity it is able to achieve .
[us] however , keep in mind that even though in the  almost  worst case scenario of economic warfare between china and the us , they would be spending huge amounts of money on military spending .
[russia] uryupinsk   a real town , even i had to look up its location local to rostov oblast it is the village of   gukovo  , pronounced with glorious southern    .
[russia] they are allowed to vote , but the process is so convoluted that few will use their right to vote  you need to register on the mainland and then vote on the mainland .
[us] and the thing is , that reading such articles , you come across many terms , and concepts , which you have to look up individually in order to know what the author is talking about .
[russia] for example i can see russia leaving start treaties some time in the future if situation escalates , after all nukes are cheap and costeffective deterrent .
[russia] also you re not allowed to take any photo on train stations or inside of a train , terrorists can use them to learn the location .
[russia] anything at all which would explain what is and what is nt gay propaganda it is specified in the law         ,     ,         ,     ,           ,        ,        google translate   promotion of nontraditional sexual relations among minors , expressed in the dissemination of information aimed at developing unconventional sexual juvenile facilities , attractiveness of unconventional sexual relationships , distorted notions of social equivalence of traditional and nontraditional sexual relations , or the imposition of information on nontraditional sexual relationships , causing interest in such relations   as far as i can tell , it is mostly correct translation  .
[russia] i m not gon na defend russian laws and policies , caz they are truly retarded , but the idea that south america is gon na be stable for 2030 years is lil bit funny   have you ever thought that europeans regard russia as a loaded gun against it
[us] httpwww.inthepublicinterest.orgarticleoutcontrolcoastcoastfailuresoutsourcingpublicservicesprofitcorporations ttip s  mandate  is to privatize irreversibly  which should never be done the ttiptisa as it is now , makes privatization irreversible which must be stopped .
[us] he calculates that at an oil price of  85 per barrel , russia would run a deficit of around 3 percent of gdp  enough to wipe out the whole of the reserve fund in a single year .
[us] they do nt wait outside the white neighborhoods to harrass the white kids , who are probably holding just as much as the black kids are , because their parents are their bosses .
[russia] i do nt think that anyone gon na argue that this artist only won because of hes  bearded womanlgbt protest  type of performance , not because he  she  was the best singer .
[us] although i feel we ll flex our diplomatic muscle once we think it s negative effect on us outweighs it s negative effects on russia , iran  venezuela .
[russia] ca nt believe urban population can create prorussian riot being just few years away from joining eu i do nt discount that russia bussed in some agitators  probably did  but the east of ukraine is perfectly capable of this on their own too .
[us] no , that costs them money for lock boxes , daily bank deposits , security and audit concerns , lack of paper trail for transactions , etc.
[us] a europe in which war is unthinkable without tens of thousands of us troops would involve a massive effort on the part of europeans , europe , and the eu .
[russia] it turned out that the only thing which you can attribute to him is bloodless occupation of crimea which was supported by the local population and ... that s pretty much it .
[russia] if russia is holding a significant amount of power over ukraine and its financial stability , what makes you think that such power would not be exercised
[us] the only thing  peculiar  living next to canada is meeting people at work and at the bars who are identical to americans , but tell you they are canadians .
[russia] the only political forces who advocate sovereignty over serfdom are nationalists , anarchists  pirates  , greens , and the remnants of the old left .
[us] after the question about how many languages you speak , there should be a question about which ones in particular you speak at conversational and proficient levels .
[us] they are nt saying the  russian government goon squads  are nt a threat , just that for purposes of their trade  journalism  cloud storage is nt an option .
[us] that incident should be seen as a reminder that there is a lot that we still do nt know that we need to know about issues related to nuclear energy .
[russia] i ca nt bring myself to your  level  and even if tried , you would still beat me with experience  you have won , congratz .
[russia] again , i am not saying ukrainians and cossacks did not contribute greatly for russia and their country as well , all i am saying is  if u compare what ireland or scotland got compared to ukraine , its not all that  black and white  to me .
[us] that s  part  of why our sphere of influence is so large  we want customers , and the only way you can be a significant customer is to have a widespread decent standard of living .
[russia] secondly , russia just got done seizing a bunch of ukrainian weapons , that s like letting your friend borrow your bike knowing he lives in the ghetto and someone else will steal the bike .
[russia] if the u.s. had been interested in partnership with russia they would have made good on promises made in the 90 s which were readily being reciprocated by receptive russian politicians .
[russia] i d love for russia to join europe , but old hardliners like putin hold us back    i like what the new europe is doing , i love the idea of the eu and i desperately wish for a future of russia within the eu .
[russia] all this should be done by high ranking militaryintelligence officers and  negotiate  with either russia or imf or eu or us an immediate financial help package to avoid sovereign default .
[us] i bought all my fun guns before 1994 , and do nt have the paperwork , i pretty much had to register them since i m an attorney and could lose my license or have them confiscated .
[us] the palestinians would have all the building materials they could want if hamas did nt use the building materials that they do get to build those tunnels that they were going to use to murder civilians .
[us] in other words , most europeans do nt bother to look past the tropes their forefathers have attributed to jews since time immemorial  the jews as usurers and the jews as a discriminatory race that only helps each other .
[russia] when we were arguing about whose car we ought to choose to visit her hometown , she had strictly enlightened me that travelling there on a car registered in moscow is a really bad idea , haha .
[us] the gats is a liberalization agreement which applies to all government measures affecting services , including water , education , health care , social security , libraries and prisons .
[us] this specific thing  this cultural prevalence of the idea that everyone should prefer death over constant torture  is one of the most horrible and evil things i know of in humanity and i can not describe the amount that i hate it .
[russia] what makes you think that ukraine would have acknowledged the results of 3rd referendum or did not tried to influence it the same way  polite green man  allegedly did
[russia] context  that s from project  foundations of state cultural policy  created by the ministry of culture and recently sent to the administration of president .
[us] but my real issue with the drinking age is that states are supposed to have the right to impose their own domestic laws such as this one , but are coerced by the federal government to keep it at a certain age .
[us] the model used by the london cepr does not assume any negative growth impact from higher prices for drugs or other goods that might be more costly due to stronger patent and copyright protections coming out of the deal .
[us] the authors of that statement were obviously intentionally trying to take advantage of doctors  , parents  , and journalists  natural inclination to misinterpret the meaning of the phrases and the implied omission of that first sentence of the quote .
[us] if you ca nt find any independent researcher that fully justifies the current levels of german defense spending , than that should tell you a  lot   mostly , that it actually  is nt  justifiable .
[russia] there is  this osce report   httpwww.osce.orgukrainesmm121431  on luhansk that mentions 250 killed though in june and july alone , so it is safe to guess that total count is significantly higher .
[us] actually it is , many of the most notable political reforms such as the voting act of 1836 , are direct responses to the french revolution legislation that happened 20  years after the fall of napoleon and 40 years after the french revolution are  direct responses  to it
[russia] i support this , the more the west spits on russia s face , the greater will be the stimulus for russia to consolidate itself and ally itself with china , the wave of the future .
[russia] us has the world s most powerful navy that is more powerful comparatively than what uk had in the height of its naval power .
[us] cause if you agree with the idiot up there , you re supporting a major tenant of the party s government , thought crime .
[russia] btw i was wrong about the kerch strait width , i remembered it to be over 10km so the volgograd bridge is actually only 3 times shorter .
[us] we also saw a big stink in europe , over the debtceiling argument in the us , and many were speculating the us would default on its debt payments .
[us] i heard that brussels decided the payments are coming directly from the paychecks of ukip voters by the end of the year so brussels bureacrats can have the extra money in time for christmas .
[russia] the other problem is that sibiriaks are nt any different in their views from the rest of russians , shit , if anything , they re more regressive .
[russia] i mean russia just annexed a part of the country almost in the middle of the europe and still they sell the modern weaponry to them .
[us] second off    our poverty level is the same as germany , if not a .1  lower , and smaller than belgium , estonia , spain  greece .
[us] i would nt say being destitute in the us is great by any means though  on paper it sounds okay but many people who qualify as bottom 10  have a lot of issues going on in their lives that prevents them from moving up , such as mental health or drug addictions or belonging to a community that keeps them in a downward cycle of poverty .
[russia] weird , the decoder i just used gave me  seemingly correct with a few letters missing    ,  , 119415 . , 37 ,  .1817 1 .
[us] for an example of a philosophy of what would be supported by roughly 25  of the american voting public , here s an  interview of massachusetts senator elizabeth warren from last week s real time with bill maher .
[russia] perhaps eu should consider paying less for the gas   most expensive divorce in history happened  swiss court divorced billionaire rybolovlev and now  he owes  3bil to exwife   httptop.rbc.rueconomics19052014924700.shtml    freight train  ripped apart passenger cart in another train   httptop.rbc.ruphotoreport200520149249319.shtml  , accident resulted in multiple deaths   government almost shot itself in the foot by asking visa and mc to insure their operations in russia by providing their  5 years income as security deposit , visa and mc  their annual turnover in russia is  550,000,000,000 usd   said they are ready to depart   httptop.rbc.rueconomics20052014924892.shtml  from the country , now  government is asking them to stay   httptop.rbc.rueconomics23052014925775.shtml    government want to  implant rfid chips in fur coats   httptop.rbc.rueconomics21052014925365.shtml  to prevent contraband  grey import .
[us] the united states has been at it for weeks as well , and we ve just launched a offensive unmatched by any other coalition member .
[us] ignore that it is a figure for a 30 year projection and that any water shut offs would be to people who do nt pay their bills month after month to private companies .
[russia] speaking of getting jumped , i am in the uniquely wonderful situation of potentially getting jumped for being gay in russia or for speaking russian in ukraine , and i lived in both countries  to further compound this , my family is in moldova and these days most of the youths there do nt speak russian that well  .
[russia] point being , despite the ravages of the nazi hordes and some remaining bandits  the nkvd fought ukrainian fascists , as in those who helped the nazis in their invasion , well into the early 60 s  , people were happy .
[russia] he was identified as trainer from kyiv , from 15th sotnia of maidan selfdefense  it s not right sector , right sector is 23th sotnia  .
[russia] it looks like you re desperately trying to accuse me of something or prove something to me or catch me on something i said or did or thought , what s up with that
[russia] and you callously equivalize the ussr with nazi germany , a state that planned to extermine 34 of european slavs and enslave the rest .
[russia] they probably are ok with chaotic middle east  if everyone is weak , its means that israel will remain dominant force in the region  , thus you can  play  the region .
[us] also , there is ionizing radiation , which gold foil is not going to stop at all . . a charged particle is potentially going to flip bits  or esd induced by emp is also going to literally fry  destroy digital logic . . time to google .  wikipedia to the rescue . . here we go ... httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiradiationhardening
[russia] from my bell tower , it looks like this  in international relations it seems that status quo is being supported only if it fits western interests   cough  for example gulf states  cough   , if not  democratically or not so leaders are being ousted , countries bombed into oblivionstone age , chaos spread , sanctions implemented .
[us] s we did nt , the identical names are a coincidence , and it s all because st. george the dragonslayer is the patron saint of so many countries .
[russia] has nothing to do with the discussion , what is the actual proof that he is in fact in donetsk to be able to report anything
[us] some of the tourists certainly go to a location because it caters to them , but it might cater to them because it receives lots of tourists .
[russia] from top comments in  rukrainianconflict  15    here s some funding notes from their ethics statement  national endowment for democracy  1   opinions of the authors do not necessarily reflect the official position of the fund   media development fund  2   opinions of the authors do not necessarily reflect the official position of the fund   international resistance foundation  3   opinions of the authors do not necessarily reflect the official position of the fund  .
[us] if a student from georgia from a middleclass family chooses to go to harvard instead of uga and assumes a  240,000 debt instead of  3,600 ... well . . that s on them .
[us] i worked just outside of slc , and you were more likely to hear the engineers make a joke about a rancid pussy than make any mention of god .
[us] nor do we want to bomb you ever again , we would love to see you being a successfull eu country that is liberal and prosperous .
[us] the perpetrators of 911 were arab students , all of whom came to germany between 1992 and 1996 to study i had no idea .
[russia] i think it is important to notice that putin never voiced a possibility of selfproclaimed eastern ukrainian republics joining russia  and in russian media those republics are always underlined as selfproclaimed  although there is clearly shown a great deal of sympathy to those republics  .
[us] like i said , russia has managed to resuscitate their bomber force  they actually started doing this over 10 years ago when bush did a crash development for missile defense  , and they ve continued to produce war material in numbers that the europeans really have nt  at least , for army related stuff  .
[us] i mean ,  germany has the exact same problems with coal mining ruining small towns   httpwww.slate.comarticleshealthandscienceclimatedesk201404coalminesswallowtownsingermanywhysolarandwindhaventkickedthe.html  but people wo nt post that sort of thing here .
[us] ha , only te jews would get blamed for supporting the left wing from the right and supporting the right wing from the left .
[us] a number of us states already mandate that tipped and nontipped employees get paid at least the minimum wage   9  , and you end up with much better service as a result .
[us] from a jewish perspective , they will not willingly give up circumcision , so a ban on circumcision must be met with a jewish exodus from wherever bans it , since that country has essentially outlawed the raising of jewish sons .
[us] eulevel isds has never been impactassessed  isds is a new eu level policy that can result in billions of euros flowing from eu citizens to foreign corporations in the future .
[russia] so basically under a premise that they re against the government s corruption  which is totally understandable  a mob of people with suspiciously high number of farright extremists took the power in the country and the first thing they did is they start imposing their nationalistic agenda by repelling the law about the regional language .
[us] eurostat , the statistical office of the european union , defines unemployed as those persons age 15 to 74 who are not working , have looked for work in the last four weeks , and ready to start work within two weeks , which conform to ilo standards .
[us] saudi arabia also is sitting on tons of money in reserve so they can afford to look at oil prices with a long term perspective .
[russia] staterun media are lying nonstop and quoting statesponsored lunatics   92  of japanese think ussr bombed hiroshima   , private companies rebroadcast this crap mixed with actual news and there is no way to tell which news are real and important .
[us] i think that at the root of the problem is the fact that the  job  as the world knew in the 20th century is morphing into a society where far far fewer people will  need to work  in terms of society being able to maintain the same  or a higher  level of productivity . .  at a significant cost in resilience  of course , just as their work is no longer needed , the billions of humanity still need to have an income to survive .
[us] i knew a polish kid in middle school , i wonder why they came here to the us if things are going so well over there .
[russia] problem is , our government has enacted numerous laws that severely punish even remote attempts at rebellion and everyone is afraid to do anything about the situation publicly .
[us] joining eu as quickly as possible would also give serbia a far larger market than russia and they would be able to trade with russia too .
[russia] reurope frequently gets lost in this conundrum , i see users here regularly scoff at the legitimacy of russian elections only to then turn around and say  fuck russians   and get voted to the top of the thread for saying that .
[us] and it s not like usa is much better  you wo nt get away with attacking someone , but there is much higher probability of getting shot by random mad people .
[us] ntbs  nontariff barriers  and mere regulatory heterogeneity create  trade costs  for market access , both ways , but it is exceedingly hard to assess authoritatively what the trade costs are , and what consequences they have , whether for goods or services .
[russia] they were firing on everything in the skies , including civilian planes , but they had only manpads and sa13 before that were not able hit targets at these altitudes .
[us] look , i agree with you that spying on people en mass should nt be the way that the us intel departments work , but you have to understand the complete overhaul after 9.11 dictated that new techniques be used .
[us] like tisa   httpwww.worldpsi.orgsitesdefaultfilesdocumentsresearchreporttisaenglr2.pdf  , which is almost completely unknown  additionally , their fta goals , their  value system  is at best amoral and backwards to what most people think of as good and bad . .
[us] instead there was nowhere close the the amount of wmds there that governments were claiming and it was a giant clusterfuck on the handling .
[russia] you continue to look on things from 21 century perspective , back then idealogies existed , it was  us vs them  type of thing .
[russia] all in all its a pretty poor and outdated system , which requires reforms , but in nowadays russia no one is really interested in investing in quality education .
[us] also , is nt there a prohibition on numbber of service suppliers that would apply if any barrier to new companies entry , like a supposed government monopoly was involved .
[russia] reasons for acknowledging might be that russia can admit its mistakes , even it would take a century   something that is missing in established russian world image , sort a like other countries in the world condemned colonialism and wiping off indigenous populations across the globe  its just a random idea anyway , i agree that airspacethreatening part is counterproductive .
[us] i believe that the germans are actually trying to do just that , but with one difference  they re trying to make sure it is sustainable in the long run , ie , that it is not a temporary bubble .
[russia] i guess it s  mirror answer  to activity of ukrainian counterintelligence  effort to thwart russian spies   httpwww.bfm.runews252791doctypenews    government  is promising to start killing people   httpwww.echomsk.spb.runewspolitikarossiyasmertnuyukazn.html   they ll reanimate death sentence  if it will be excluded from council of europe , it s scary for an omnicorrupted state with absolutely nontransparent investigation process and 0,3  exculpatory sentences share  i.e.
[russia] so i checked also ratings of printed books , still it s online shops as the easiest source of ratings for 2014  in  ozon   httpwww.ozon.rucontextbestbooksbests1ampstore1,0ampsortbests  , the largest russian online book shop , there is one of antiukraine books in top100 .
[us] people admire ted cruz for that attribute , for sidelining compromise to hold strong to his beliefs , but i call it fucking retarded and a recipe for disaster .
[russia] i ll give you some advice  stay out of euro politics until you at least read a few books instead of spouting  rworldnewstype arguments .
[us] well , the debts do nt shrink  so you end up using more of your income to service them , and you spend even less .
[russia] putin actually told them several times before to move money and property out of foreign accounts , there were laws prohibiting this etc   their own fault .
[russia] i do think that russia should apologize to finland for attempts of russiphication in early xx century  if it did nt before  and use it as a symbolic gesture against finland possibility of joining nato .
[us] if it was nt for nato  my country s relationship with europe in it s entirity being at risk , i would nt even be mad , i d be impressed .
[russia] i could nt imagine that structure of french sentences will be more comprehensible to me if they are translated into english rather than russian .
[us] i do nt understand the dynamics of serbia and bosnia currently and how it relates to usa so it is hard for me to speak about it .
[russia] it s something like this   oh , we re all great people who live in peace and trying to be sensible and understanding to others , we really like everyone in europe , everyone are great and lovely , and now when we finally established some common grounds between our wonderful nations ... let s crap on some russians together
[us] gats  current  exception  for public services only excludes government services that are  supplied neither on a commercial basis nor in competition with one or more service suppliers .  3 however , most government services  like water , electricity , health care and education  involve some publicprivate mix or fee structure andor compete with private providers .
[russia] i m a little confused by your arguement here , but both the eu and russia are already engaged in a spiralling game of titfortat sanctions i agree , we are already on the path of  who is going to inflict the most amount of damage for the other side  , but  the desirable  outcome for europe might slightly deviate from the path that russia will choose .
[russia] rear admiral ihor tenyukh , defense minister  ihor tenyukh  55   rear admiral and former commander of the ukrainian navy , tenyukh provoked russian animosity in 2008 when he ordered vessels to block the entrance of the russian navy to the bay of sevastopol during the russiageorgia war .
[us] even almost without isds , the eu and us already trade gargantuan volumes  both blocs barter around  1.6 billion   2.2 billion   6  in goods and services every day , with more than  2.6 trillion   3.5 trillion  in twoway direct investment per year  7   all this with only onethird of eu countries  or 7  of eu s gdp  covered by isds .
[russia] maybe it could ve been done better , but if it s hard to see what can be done differently even in the hindsight , then what exactly can be expected from them
[russia] there were multiple news reports in russia about her , and now it should be obvious to everyone her attempt to cross the border is yet another lie by fsbgovernment   journalists  .
[us] but you d probably see a lot of eu countries begin to pool their military capabilities pretty darn quick , and start to throw little chunks of sovereignty out the window to do so .
[us] ttip , tisa , tpp and gats and nafta and dozens of others intended use is to irreversibly block public services at the moment they are needed the most . . block new and at every newly created opportunity  movement  like a noose , its intent is to transform every movement into a  tightening of their  ratchet    httpwww.hani.co.krartienglisheditionebusiness445656.html  .
[russia] i m sorry , but i m under the impression that sochi is  was before olympics  dirty cheap middle of nowhere for old sovoks and with caucasians yells   eey garl yo mamma need husband for daughtah
[russia] complaining again , typical pole  anyway i think you are not unique in that regard  in fact i think that almost entire world is in similar situation , everyone pretends that they are doing better and growingrecovering , while in fact no one has any idea how to solve any of the problems we are currently facing .
[russia] you ve constructed an idol out of the west that makes it impossible for you to conceive of why somebody would nt want to emulate them .
[us] because it s a plot of land only large enough for a naval base with no resident cubans being subjected to a foreign government without consent .
[us] that s why there are now a huge number of people trying to flee those countries , or at least get their children , especially young girls , out .
[russia] there is no argument about that , i m not some brainwashed russki who feeds off rt , as much as you may have painted that image in your head .
[russia] yeah , just look at all these lies ...  dmitry yarosh , deputy national security leader  yarosh heads a militant ultrarightwing group praviy sektor  right sector  , which surged to prominence during the euromaidan demonstrations for its uncompromising stance .
[russia] there will be more  getting rid of bad influence  , caz it is easier to blame  homoseksmigrantsrussians  in your troubles , rather than acknowledging that perhaps you are not as perfect as you thought you were .
[russia] well , granted , you can do it the brutal way too , but remember , politicians will be at the helm of ukraine , not economists .
[russia] if we want to track back that  history of antipathy  of who did what first , we did it to them because they did it to us , and that was because the other side did something wrong before etc.etc.etc .
[us] there are plenty of environmentally friendly options and we should be working to advance those technologies to the point where they re competitive with fossil fuels .
[us] your  potentially toxic chemicals should be innocent until proven guilty  approach is worse than inappropriate when the stakes are so high and the difficulty of tracing causes years of decades later so high .
[us] russia does nt have the balls to fuck with china yet eu is their highest partner and putin fucks with it constantly with no consequences .
[russia] simple google search proves this statement completely wrong , that the name  novorossia  was used before putin quite recently , it was used in modern ukraine to name certain region .
[us] are you saying that surrogate women are unable to make decisions for themselves , or that it is nt their body to what they want with
[russia] here in russia it is played completely straight , you watch the news cover ded moroz s press conference in veliky ustyug with a completely straight face .
[us] they are in things that we are constantly in contact with , like  just a few examples  dental restorations , nonstick cookware , food packaging , and sleepwearmattresses .
[russia] i ve opened our modern schoolbook from 2012 , and now it s far more opinionated  by danilov and filippov    august 15 , 1945 japanese government declared about their readiness to surrender to the allies .
[russia] nope , it s just nato being 22 years too late to the party  these tactics are  exactly the same as russian federation has used in georgia in 90s   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvcsnlc0ikk7yampfeatureplayerembedded   and in moldova .
[russia] you ca nt excuse the lack of genocides comitted by upa between 1945 and 1955 because upa was nt anything worth talking about during most of those years .
[russia] what i find funny , is that russian forces in crimea are illegitimate , occupying bastards and guys like this are important partners , who is concerned about future of ukraine and whatnot .
[russia] also the ukrainian corruption is with their government and their people s fault for voting them in  or corruptly buying their way in  , saying that it is somehow our responsibility should grant us full rights to take care of it ourselves then without the rest getting pissed off at russia for interfering with a sovereign country s politics .
[us] i m an attorney in nyc , the mischaracterizations of common law systems used to get me riled up , they were so ridiculously off base .
[us] actually , the unrestrained neoliberal extremist ideology represented by the hidden agenda in the ftas is headed down a path to a very dark place . . could it become just as destructive as the worst kinds of communism were in the 20th century
[us] i apologize if you did nt mean to imply that , however i thought that the implication was pretty obvious  apple is a us company that developed the phone so easy that any moron could use it , whereas nokia , developed in finland , was nt used to morons so they failed to develop a simple phone .
[russia] not really , there are fundamental problems with the way world operated in the past 30 years and what the mechanism of this  unprecedented growth  was .
[us] in granada they were free but the  primeras  and  segundas  were crap , you had to stay and order more drinks to get the good ones .
[russia] allcrimea.net   httpnews.allcrimea.netnews20141028vinodelyperenosyatproizvodstvoizkrymanamaterikovujuukrainu24376   crime and punishment    the chief of the police station  vykhino   lost an ear during drunken fight in one of restaurants of moscow .
[us] the parties came to the meeting after the catalan government and their environment and begin to change the message of the last few months .
[russia] they left around the breakup of the soviet union , and they mostly live in university towns in us or england , teaching students math , chemistry , and physics .
[russia] was i supposed to write another wall of text about conditioning , include stuff like among developed nations and the acceleration of the phenomena and so on and so on .
[russia] a viceminister of economy development wrote on his facebook how stupid russian economic policy is and apologized to the citizens for ruined economy , and was immediately fired .
[russia] for common jewish name malka familiarized form is malusha  in fact  malka  sounds rude in russian   which is the name of vladimir s mother .
[us] do you see how a commitment to privatize virtually everything in the future and always procure using a globalized procurement system that could not  discriminate  by hiring local firms , could have a chilling effect on a country s ability to respond to something like a major economic crisis
[russia] all the other news in russian i get on internet in redditlike community of people who share my views so most of new kremlin propaganda inventions discussed there are already discussed here as well .
[russia] it s really sad because the attitude to them during soviet years and before was racist  it s sad one of the few words that were borrowed from russian to english is  pogrom   .
[us] whether you re a muslim or a satanist or a goddamn pastafarian does nt matter so long as you teach your children to think critically .
[russia] my point about ukraine in nato remains , russia will invade and occupy eastern part for sure if such event to occur , western and central parts are questionable .
[russia] as a west ukrainian  not a banderist , but promaidan  acquaitance told me , the west ukrainians are a bit like germans in this respect  fairly nonviolent , but when they do become violent , all hell breaks loose  see ww2  .
[us] stalinist becomes problematic too because even the soviet system was vastly different from the 1950s to the 1980s , to say nothing of the gdr .
[russia] to be fair , it was their insane president at that time , who has a  very  low approval rating right now , who started to do indiscriminate slaughter among the south ossetians and russians .
[russia] just look at latvia or georgia , countries that opted for the euroatlantic choice , and how much more productive than russia they are ... oh wait .
[us] these are awarded based on your high school performance   grants  free money , based on your family s financial need , usually covering the gap between what your family s ability to pay is and the rest of tuition .
[russia] do nt close your eyes on radical elements of your protest movement or you will pay the same price egypt did with muslim brotherhood .
[russia] so while it s possible that it s a real execution  besler is a pretty scary person after all , he was involved in kidnapping of rybak murdered later , in killing soldiers under volnovakha , etc.
[us] 1  there is no such thing as a principle that allows an area to unilaterally and undemocractically break off from another country that had invested in it for decades .
[russia] and what exactly russians do in ukraine what was nt already done here and there by other major countries in the world without any consequences
[us] i d love to see you tell the people in eastern europe that them rebelling and wanting to be free was nt done by them and it was an attack on poor russia and they are justified to invade europe because their paranoid feelings are being hurt .
[russia] now the story about the alleged incursion of a russian submarine looks so real as if it was proved by someone , besides the fact it was nt , in reality .
[russia] and i do nt mean this personally , truly , i just think you misspoke and used the wrong word a bit in your excitement to disprove me p  which btw apparently caused them to loose access to some heavy weapons supplies because some are afraid they ll turn on the gov after i heard , it s goddamn bullshit that politics are causing ukrainians to fight between each other , right now ukraine needs all the unity it can get , the interfactional fights should wait .
[us] the trick to making it well is to never let the water reach a full boil , so having turkish coffee described as being made with  boiling water  made me cringe a bit .
[russia] i am by no means a prorussian poster , what i am trying to advocate is a bit of restrain in eagerness to  punish evil russia  .
[russia] it is truly sad when one by one conspiracy theories are being proven as true and no one gives a shit ,  zero  consequences .
[russia] oilru.com   httpwww.oilru.comnews434432   crimean news    the recent survey  showed that more than 50  of those who had a rest during the last summer in yalta , crimea , are nt going to get back there anytime soon .
[russia] gather 5 thousands signatures in 20 days before being allowed to participate in elections and sign all gathered papers with own signature also an important detail is that these are municipal  totally impotent  parliament candidates , their districts have on the order of 100k people living in them .
[russia] 30 years old contractors are nt exactly  kids  , but idiots who thought they wo nt have to die for  1k monthly salary   their families forced to lie about their deaths and fsb agents live in their homes to pose as resurrected soldiers  .
[us] it does nt help that i hate country  which is really popular in the part of the country i live in  , absolutely despise raphip hop  popular everywhere  , and think almost all pop music is shit straight from a dog s ass  again , pop music is extremely popular throughout the whole country  .
[russia] again , there will be consequences , but do nt expect an immediate  fuck russia  response from europe , its just short sighted and silly really .
[us] the uk and the us have a similar view on labor rules and have pursued aggressive monetary policies , and it looks like it is paying off vs the more conservative policies in mainland europe .
[russia] if russia would invade eastern ukraine , this would even further make this transformation more hasty ...  have you ever wondered how would you feel if you would have a neighbor with 500 million inhabitants and who is economically and technologically superior to you and that has armed forces triple the size of yours , and who shares the same border from black sea to barents sea
[us] you abandoned a uniting national identity  language for your states with the dissolution of the roman empire and only tried to unite into a single entity many decades after you fought two huge world wars that divided you .
[russia] there must be some differences between modern greek , southern russian and ukraininan  g  , but i m not a linguist and they sound the same to me .
[us] ... i do nt like the idea of being europe s mercenary , but you guys made a commitment to pay a set percent to your militaries , and only a few countries are actually doing it ...
[us] i think any conflict with japan or the philippines is as likely as russian aggression against a nato or eu member , but i can definitely see vietnam being china s ukraine   especially since they ve been increasing ties with america , but have no mdp with us   .
[russia] second decade of xxi century  corruption on lower levels is hardly visible  doctors , policemen and other statepaid workers are actually doing their jobs without bribes at every corner .
[us] here in the us , we re seeing  crowd out  where the cost of health care is literally pushing other kinds of spending out of the picture .
[us] i am very familiar with the stories of north korean escapees many who survived  the most arduous conditions imaginable , even as their family members died all around them  .
[russia] ftr , i opposed the sentence , which i found to be very excessive , but i m not going to let bs about the legal basis for it stand either .
[russia] there are many seemingly reasonable ways to argue for stalin in exactly the same ways you use to defendminimise the evil of upa  i do nt think i ever heard any praise towards the actions against poles  although i did nt mingle with really hardcore crowd  .
[us] it is brewing more trouble that keeps growing until everything boils over and could lead to the very thing people are most worried about .
[russia] so he is going to use army against protesters  he replaced army chief who said he wo nt use military against civilians   which will result in western regions going into state of war .
[us] plus , it still does nt explain the massive gap between nyc and other cities with developed mass transit and international transit infrastructure like chicago , dc and boston .
[russia] there is already some  ongoing insurgent activity   lviv mayor s home was shelled with rpg , kremenchuk s mayor was assassinated , terrorist groups in kharkiv and zaporozhie attacked various object  some of these groups were caught  .
[us] if isis took over a major area and are being fought against by them still i would count them as just occupying the territory .
[russia] and south ossetia , which is considered by georgia as georgian  ossetians themselves have a different opinion on that , and tried to get their independence since ussr went apart  .
[us] based on those responses to junqueras s tweet , i guess we re going to see  dui    declaraci unilateral dindependncia   a lot more in the upcoming months ...
[us] that does nt mean there is nt a chance you ll get hassled riding the bus through the inner city , but you do nt see us segregating our fucking buses .
[russia] for example when russia and us had dispute about us missile defense system , what happened was that russia located short range nuclear missiles to kaliningrad that are pinpointed towards europe .
[us] example , 7 days after the invasion , on september 8 , the german armored corps were already bordering warsaw , and it was fully encircled by 9th of september .
[russia] see you in 3040 years , when most of the world easily accessible resources would be depleted and russia would  remind you how kind you were to us  .
[russia] after total checks of mcdonald s restaurants government said they are nt doing total checks and are nt trying to close all mcdonald s restaurants  and closed the very first  mcdonald restaurant on pushkinskaya square   httptop.rbc.rusociety20082014944034.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodymainitemtitle   one which was opened during soviet time  plus many other restaurants .
[russia] as for chekism and his control of fsbsvr , i highly doubt that he personally oversees every single operation that these agencies are engaged with .
[russia] my parents are more or less split , father does nt care either way as long as there is enough support for it in crimea and my mother however disagrees with it on nationalist grounds .
[us] it labels all the yellow bits  palestinian  and leaves you to assume that palestinians were in political control over that territory , when that is only true for the last map .
[us] in fact i d say americans  canadians in general are very polite , and anybody who has visited both countries can vouch to the same .
[russia] you re destroying the ukrainian credibility on this sub by defending those whom you should instead attack , simply on a reflexive , kneejerk nationalist whim .
[us] i do nt see any reason why catalonia or basque country would give up , i feel like this would nt be a set back so much as a boon that never was .
[russia] i might have been  full out shit  in my post , but the fact remains  this was a cheap attempt at smearing our leader posted by a ukrainian fascist .
[us] well maybe you european idiots should have bought some tanks instead of throwing all that money at lord knows what and talking shit about the us every time it comes up and about how militaristic us culture is .
[russia] even today when you look at ukraine population decline since 90s , why is it under  evil soviet  they were growing along side with their gdp and when they got free , they lost about 7 million people and their economy is collapsing .
[russia] they might have some land here , and in the case of russia most of their people live in what is classified as europe but their still just a damn tribe that got lost from some mountains in siberia .
[us] good call , i was quite confused as well when i saw poland and hungary on the list ... but then again , most immigrants in eastern european countries are from other eastern european countries as well .
[us] but the large question is does the economy in which this household  s  operates also gain so that you have a large shadow effect that is a benefit for a larger complex system rather than the pair of shoes that you buy for less money .
[russia] writing was on the wall for anyone with 2 brain cells , it was obvious that sanctions would escalate gradually , economy went to shit  and it was struggling  before  euromaidan  , russian government actions in previous years practically destroyed small and medium side business with their own fucking hands  and held zero responsibility for that and continue to work for this day  , sochi was a 40  bln   potemkin village  , vladivostok was a 20 bln  summit , world cup 2018 would again be somewhere in the lines of 30 bln   and many , many , many other signals that economy was in bad shape .
[russia] unfortunately neoliberalizm and shock therapy completely discredited the idea of democracy and free market in russia , to the point when it became a swear word .
[us] though the r  d projects that do work out most of the time have civilian applications to them , if any money is created by military it would be in that regard .
[russia] it s discouraging and for every poster there are like 10100 voters  primary idea of social sites is to encourage posting , while in reality voters are doing exactly the opposite  if site allow them  .
[us] what happens is that you would be placed on academic probation , which means that you have one semester to raise your grades back up to the necessary level .
[us] it s looking for a way to replace closeinweaponssystems like the phalanx , the usn is also uniquely placed that they can easily carry around the power generation required to make them really effective .
[russia] i ve read about military drills in western ukraine with 1k troops  what stops rebels from  acquiring  jets from their respective local pawn shopscaptured from army
[us] its being crammed through without public knowledge of its implications , even as  here in the us a disinformation campaign is raging to hide the fact that they quash our ability to set healthcare policy .
[russia] but that s beside the point , you ve already proven yourself to be a disgusting human being , with a superiority complex that has a history grounded firmly in genocide and exploitation .
[russia] the ukrainian gov  t is not antisemitic and it will not run pogroms as the russian media possibly alludes  i have no idea what they allude , i do nt listen to them at all , honestly  .
[russia] never happened to me in other cities until i visited moskow and was questioned for papers on the 2nd day , officer not only wanted to see my passport but also a train ticket .
[russia] they sweep their failures under the rug , and hide it with massive amounts of media praise patting themselves on the back for all civilization s modern achievements , all while using the other hand to hold guns at everybody else s heads .
[us] as such , it seems to me that you think you re making an argument with this  rather unlettered  sentence , but what you re actually doing is just stating the current situation .
[us] it is a trap that they knew was not ever going to be implemented ,  it was just the bait in a bait and switch scheme .
[us] plus usa then gets opportunity to get smart and hard working people from all over the world that they are allied with to come to their country .
[us] against nato they d not only be outnumbered , but they d have to split their forces between the baltics and the pacific coast  since the americans and canadians could attack from that direction  .
[us] lacking a permanent spent nuclear fuel storage facility , socalled  temporary  nuclear fuel containment ponds are features common to nearly all nuclear reactor facilities .
[russia] you ca nt bomb serbia , occupy the country , make referendum and pretend that its ok . serbia constitution does not allow that , serbia is a sovereign state .
[us] it would make a lot of sense for people to take a position that all of these agreements should be negotiated transparently and openly , in some new structure that allowed input nationally . . an online structure which itself could be hashed out first ... then it would be a simple matter to put these things up for a referendum if they limited democracy and regulatory adjustment of core issues in any way .
[russia] situation in ukraine is the same as in abkhazia in 1992  unrest , bad economy , prorussian minority  or majority  even better  , russians in russia thinking it s ok to help  brothers  and  save   exrussian  region from local nationalists  in the end russians were expelled from abkhazia  but who cares
[russia] you know what comes next , so if you do not have a plan how to employ millions , perhaps you d better get one first , then execute this plan and theeen join political and economical unions from position of strength , not as banana republic .
[us] hell , on the extreme end , you can point to religious people like  georges lematre   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikigeorgeslemac3aetre  who use science to understand god even more .
[russia] the abode of a certain class of 20something , relatively well educated rootless cosmopolitans based in urban europe who believe their vision is the one and true historical process , and this overweening sense of their own righteous virture leads them to label all those who challenge it as either deluded or intentionally malevolent heretics .
[us] i m not a huge fan of it , but it also does nt bother me since i know that there is nt a master plan to it beyond them trying to target advertising more effectively .
[russia] nor russian nor ukrainians would benefit from a blood bath , but a weakened russia is desirable for pretty much everyone from china to u.s to european union , so russia would continue to cave in to foreign interests .
[russia] people wanted it and  because they could not do it legally   due to ukrainian population political views like you expressed earlier as well  , they chose  bullshit way  .
[us] besides , this video is relating to the balkans so i m sure a bunch of super nationalist people came there just to like anything talking shit about a countr other than them .
[russia] i also wondered about the consequences of russia s actions around the globe , the precedent of protecting  oppressed minorities  in 21st century with china s newfound hobby of cartography and others .
[russia] hell , assad even gave up chemical weapons , is this something you do , when you plan on gassing everyone who you do nt like
[us] provisional application terminates if a state notifies the other states among which the treaty is being applied provisionally of its intention of not becoming a party to the treaty .
[russia] it s good that your nationalistic ideals of ukraine without russians line up so well with the pragmatic geopolitical interests of the big world players , is nt it
[us] does the european union not have a relatively shaky currency union that lacks a strong fiscal union to underpin it  has been threatened with dissolution or division upon the possibility of a grexit
[russia] putin brought the living standards back up and even beyond the ussr mark , but the equal distribution of income has not kept up , so people still look back at the ussr fondly .
[us] pacifists watch slaughter and tut tut countries that dare to find their own defense and create stability that allows these people to whine in the first place .
[russia] from now on invasion may begin at any moment and eastern ukraine is about to be turned into lawless wasteland like abkhazia , south ossetia , transistria by russian  piecekeepers  .
[russia] while we should remind ourselves that both miws and zak cope did take great care to ensure that whenever an assumption had to be made it biased the argument against the value transfer thesis , the 95  number is still a rough estimate .
[russia] 200k sounds a bit high , but 150k is easy to get if you re good , and 200k is also achievable if you re really good and are willing to shop around .
[us] isds is not intended as a last resort should all other legal routes fail  it is explicitly designed to take place outside the normal legal systems .
[us] losing public healthcare alone can end up costing people half a million dollars or more over each person s lifetime . . in today s money .
[us] but the plan , which the government dismissed just four days ago , is based on getting the most out of the articles that the constitutional court suspended the catalan law queries .
[russia] quote from mr. glazyev   ukrainian authorities make a huge mistake if they think that the russian reaction will become neutral in a few years from now .
[us] it gives me hope that we at least have one thing going for us , and that is the old people are going to die soon and we will become very progressive .
[us] and  i do nt mean about the actual  fact  of roughly 30  of the german population sympathizing with putin in that way , i mean that about  that they would  .
[us] i do nt want to claim to speak for you , but there are many people in usa that are anti war no matter what the circumstance is and i view it as very hypocritical .
[us] whenever i go into walmart in the middle of the night i am shocked by how many people they have working , stocking the shelves and cleaning mainly .
[us] we americans  thanks to 5 huge corporations controlling almost all of the us mainstream media , have not even been told that  this huge cozy insider corporate deal   httpttip2014.eu  exists
[us] dempsey  france formally asks for u.s. aid in mali    httpwww.washingtontimes.comnews2013jan17dempseyfranceformallyasksforusaidinmali   the french government has formally requested u.s. military assistance to combat al qaeda in the islamic maghreb in mali , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff told the american forces press service on thursday   the role of the us air force in the french mission in mali    httpwww.atlanticcouncil.orgblogsnatosourcetheroleoftheusairforceinthefrenchmissioninmali   france s intervention in mali earlier this year  helping its former colony defend against islamic extremists  did nt get the media attention lavished on the overthrow of libyan dictator muammar qaddafi or the crisis in syria .
[us] if it did , the us and the uk would both see high rates of inflation , but both countries are actually still below the inflation target .
[us] by the way , i ll take the society of solitary confinement which is hardly even used to the people that place heads on spikes and brag about brutality .
[us] being rich also makes your life easier regardless of your  group  so you ca nt really speak for the ones that emigrate en masse that are poor and unskilled and hoping for a better life using the eu social net found in countries like sweden .
[russia] this is really simple again , there is no need in competition when exxon , royal dutch shell and bp can gather and set a price they want .
[russia] that s just not true , on so many levels that you would literally have to read the entire history since 17th century to see why it is not .
[russia] i m pretty sure though that most of russians were forced to leave chechnya in nineties  according to  that source   httpwww.stav.aif.rusocietylaw157434  , about 200k people  .
[russia] trigger warning , nonantirussian opinion intensifies  i want germany , as well as anyone else who would prefer people over economy and patriotism , help the world with sorting this mess out .
[russia] but the thing is , even if donetsk voting was executed perfecly  by international laws and all that stuff   eu and us would nt accept it anyway .
[us] most grocery stores i ve been to have it , though it s considerably more expensive in part because it s not that popular here .
[russia] and somehow i feel us will join ukraine in this war  otherwise status quo of pax americana will be destroyed  us and gb has signed treaty to guarantee territory of ukraine in 1994  which was broken by mr. putin  .
[us] if your market relies on the one country who keeps giving everyone the bird and getting economically sanctioned , is it not just going to hurt you in the long run anyway
[us] if you do nt mind hitting mostly trees there s parts ukraine could hit in russia without directly destroying themselves ... though i m sure the counterattack would .
[russia] while what hes doing is dumb , its still not good enough of a reason to throw him in jail  supporting x lol jail   supporting y lol jailtime   supporting z lol hahahah sorry jail again  hypocrisy in its purest form right here
[russia] out of many countries formed from ussr only one has nuclear weapons right now and it s much less dangerous than ussr was 30  years ago .
[us] isds is the only international dispute settlement giving rights to corporations instead of states  dispute settlement procedures in other international treaties are statestate  even the world trade organisation dispute settlement is statestate .
[us] when this became public , people took this to mean that the group was stuck up and were just being assholes so they could pamper themselves .
[russia] i also am pretty sure that there was no any major invasion to crimea  just because there were already soldiers there , in the military base that stands there for longer than usa does exist  just to put things in perspective  .
[russia] i d guess that federalization would be enough , it was even promised by poroshenko if i m not mistaken , but apparently those promises were empty .
[us] moreover , in a prolonged regional or national station blackout condition  which could result from a severe solar storm  the shutdown of diesel fuel production facilities could result in unexpected looting , or black market sales , or other unplanned risks to receipt of diesel fuel that is under firm contract for delivery to nuclear power plants .
[russia] in other words , much like radio svoboda all their operating funds comes from the united states  annual budget , so that being said if we re not allow to trust rt  which i never will  then we ve got to dismiss this as well .
[us] i was nt trying to comment on this mans political views , simply that this man may have this flag up for reasons beyond the extremely simplified european view .
[russia] there is nothing new under the moon   c  nato might have won and will continue to winning , but it sure as hell no thanks to romania or any other  great nation  who s favorite past time includes constant shitthrowing at russia .
[russia] russian media downplay ukrainian protests because this government is barely able to control situation  protests in biryuliovo paralised moscow for couple days  after just single murder  and do nt want to provoke population which applaud during scenes of kremlin exploding in movies .
[russia] i tend to agree with that and judging from  my personal experience  this was something i d call a  patriotic ddos  , nothing more , nothing less .
[russia] google translate   the terrorist act , the use of a weapon , an explosion , arson or other acts that endanger human life or health , or cause significant property damage or other grave consequences if such acts are committed for the purpose of violating public security , intimidating the population , provoking a military conflict , international complications , or to influence the decision or act or omission of action by state or local governments , officials of these bodies , associations of citizens , legal persons , or to draw public attention to certain political , religious or other views culprit  terrorist  russia and other countries have similar definitions .
[russia] imo if you draw a behavior gauge from  chasing gays with pitchforks  to  kissing their butts  i think russia would be in a sweet spot in the middle , while europe went too much forward , in a direction of extreme tollerance  which is intollerant on it s own , just look at all those artists , which suffered to the  superior gay artist  , even tho they were nt worse singers  .
[russia] not to mention suppressed civil war  s  on caucasus  freshly acquired crimea with 200k very unhappy tatars and almost million of ethnic ukrainians  tatarstan itself is somewhat volatile .
[russia] there are three kinds of lies  lies , damned lies , and statistics    why do you give so much credit to numbers in the age of manipulation
[russia] when in the last ten years alone the u.s. has completely destroyed the governments of two nations and set up occupations whilst simultaneously violating the sovereignty of a handful of nations across the globe , in addition to a few attempted coups spread around for good measure and a few successful color revolutions to boot .
[russia] and if stalin did not liberate your countries they you probably would nt exist , we could have surrounded just as france did i guess
[russia] hence ukrainian nationalists are easily labelled as  fascists  that s what you get for trying to make a hero from  nazi collaborator   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikistepanbandera  , leader of  the party   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiorganizationofukrainiannationalists  that  committed horrible atrocities   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikimassacresofpolesinvolhyniaandeasterngalicia  .
[us] germany is in deep trouble though considering how much it depends on exports and ends up surrounded by failed economies that ca nt afford to buy anything .
[russia] note  ukrainian authorities do nt like prokremlin lifenews , it could be a setup  however kremlin s interference  kadyrov s voyage  says they were really fsb agents because this government does not care about  average people  , at least not to extent where they personally go to another country for negotiations about couple strangers accused in help to terrorists  rebels  freedom fighters  whatever   in the small town where i live  100k population , 20km from moscow  a migrant worker killed football fan during brawl , funerals turned first into protests , then  violence ensued   httptop.rbc.ruphotoreport16052014924142.shtml  .
[us] on the state level though , lots of work gets done and states have a ton of power to create their own laws and test out new ideas .
[us] i know they are able to enter schengen zone visa free , but for it to be a singlemarket they would have to be allowed to work anywhere without any permits .
[us] i think that it would too hypocritical for podemos  which seems to draw it s appeal from that fact that it s not either of the main parties  to make a deal with either the pp or the psoe .
[russia] about russia  america revolting stuff , i would not be so sure , russia does not have the capabilities of nsa and other dozen intelligence agencies , i am no psychic , i only see what is currently going on and judging by that   the people  are loosing , maybe it will change , who knows , but i am russian so i am optimistic that its gon na be way worse than it is right now  lastly , i took no offense or anything like that , you seemed genuinely interested so i tried to answer the best i could , i tend not to put labels on people , apart from when they are obviously loaded with an agenda or special interest .
[us] before i give my 2c , i just want to give my disclaimer that this is not meant as a judgement of germany  i just want to give the opposite take .
[russia] when it comes to nato i imagine a polite , smiling senior gentleman who have kind eyes , somewhat clumsy of a walk , maybe even a cane with a hand behind his back , but he is making his little steps towards you with every year , he continues to smile and speak about human rights , express his concern about your state of affairs and all the other small talk .
[us] the idea of public financing is good , but then you run into issues with the government having to decide which candidates are serious enough to receive funding for the elections .
[us] a russian occupation force comes  while there are some complaints about physical and sexual abuse by russian soldiers , there are no mass killings .
[russia] helps domestically , as well to portray that its not whole relevant world against russia , but some parts are  abstainingagainst   maaaaaybe future possibilities of diversifying our nat.gas  oil trade routes somewhere apart from europe , thus when europe moves away from russian energy sources little by little  strengthening their negotiation position in result  russia could also have some other place to sell  eventually doing the same  .
[russia] i did nt get that part either , what would it cost him to renew those arms limitations treaties , especially since he already promised to
[us] please understand that we americans are intentionally kept completely ignorant of trade policy s very existence , by a media that fails to report on anything related to ftas , at all .
[russia] i do nt understand where you have this idea that things are going to change where somehow russia is going to surpass usa s economy .
[russia] i m still hoping i m talking with reasonable people who understand that similar thing can be said for absolutely every country , at least if it exists for more than 200 years .
[russia] russia perceives current ukrainian officials and their course as nonnegotiable and will do everything it can to destroy ukraine economically  and if ukraine would have a serious case of nato membership on the table perhaps militarily  .
[us] florida is full of cubans that fled castro in cuba , so if a political party tried to lift the embargo on cuba they essentially lose any chance of winning florida .
[us] i just do nt think russia has the same value for human lives that finland does and that it would nt hold them back .
[us] while these are problems that do nt necissarily stem from cops being choosey about which calls they answer and which they do nt , i do nt think you realize that having cops answer stupid calls about a flag is a much better problem than what it could be .
[us] uh , nope , 70 years ago the main territory that israel occupies  the coastal plain , the jezreel and hula valleys , and the tel avivjerusalem corridor  were majority jewish .
[us] if your parents are nt willing to send you at least  200month for around the first year or so , it may make things difficult .
[russia] as for the conflict itself , i do nt think putin or whoever he s delegated this to has any plans to help separatists win .
[us] examples  one study  indicates that up to 600,000 jobs will be lost in the eu as a direct result of ttip   httpase.tufts.edugdaepolicyresearchttipsimulations.html  a recent  review of ttip studies   httpwww.europarl.europa.euregdataetudesetudesjoin2014528798ipoljoinet  2014  528798en . pdf  by the european parliamentary research service states     the regulatory core of ttip makes it extremely difficult for economists to come to grips with the expected economic meaning of the negotiation outcomes .
[us] i m not saying that europe is especially racist , but no one doubts that individuals making comments about  urban youths  and  melanin enriched individuals  in american centric threads are being racist , but comments about the roma and asylumseekers seem to be aokay in this sub .
[us] cochabamba , bolivia  after privatizing the water systems in cochabamba , bolivia in 1999 , aguas del tunari , a subsidiary of the bechtel corporation , implemented massive price hikes .
[us] so , when you heard that some of them were engineers etc. , does that mean that some of the 911 hijackers held degrees conferred by german universities
[us] no , i get it , increased military spending with  clearly  make you try to reconquer europe , subject your neighbors  institute a neogerman empire .
[us] unfortunately , by the time we managed to do that , maliki had already entrenched himself in power thanks to years of sectarian strife , and given that the referendum deciding the american occupation s future happened so soon after patreus had managed to really begin to get a grip on the situation , our image was still hurt badly  it put us in a position where the only way we could stay was if we aquised to allowing our troops to be tried by iraqi courts ... which no american president would ve ever agreed too ...  edit   although probably the greatest mark against american foreign policy in this matter is the fact we went into iraq over a bullshit wmd excuse instead of just saying we re going in to topple a genocidal dictator .
[russia] to people who are trying to remind this government about article 5 of its own  constitution     new us sanctions will affect 90  of oil and gas companies which provide 50  of government s budget and 70  of export   httptop.rbc.rueconomics14092014948821.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem11     eu has implemented new  mild  sanctions against 5 banks , oil industry of russian federation   httptop.rbc.rueconomics11092014948502.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem2    article in english   httpwww.themoscowtimes.combusinessarticleneweusanctionswillhitrussiaonfriday506847.html   despite peace treaty in ukraine  treaty did nt stop kremlin from cutting gas delivery to poland  apparently kremlin still see ukraine as its own lost property    as an answer to new useu sanctions government  decided to enforce more selfinflicted sanctions and limit import of clothing and cars   httptop.rbc.rueconomics11092014948472.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1  .
[us] factor in the fact that basically 100  of retail and 90  of restaurants already take cards , and i wo nt be able to avoid this price increase anywhere .
[us] this idea of insulting parts of the body making parents think they should amputate healthy parts from children is fundamentally the same problem as female genital cutting .
[us] it s often a onceinalifetime experience and therefore they should get a bit of leniency for acting like a tourist and seeing the main highlights of paris .
[us] clearly , the us is at tremendous risk that a foreign health insurance provider might enter the us market  all they want is to sell one policy in the whole country .
[russia] many of white russians  revolution emigres  living in france , or usa strike me as very educated , cultured and very patriotic toward russia .
[us] must read petition to the nrc about an important issue . . boiling water reactors have an issue related to loss of the ultimate heatsink which could bite us if a strong solar storm disrupted the global power grid .
[us] as a corollary of this , if you ever want to give someone from the north of england a hard time , say you find it difficult to understand their scottish accent .
[russia] and the sort of info like  oh some random dude who worked in the kremlin as a janitor 30 years ago said that russia has already launched their nukes at all the capitals in the world  that keeps on popping up on frontpage kept there by simple inertia of upvotes , helps reinforce the image of us being outright insane rather than a people with their own interests  such as having a strong economy and stable neighbors  .
[russia] they did it because those regions were the biggest administrative states ussr had , with they re own administration and political will which was backed by the people who really did nt wanted to remain in ussr .
[russia] it is a nasty and expensive habit i know , i quit smoking in 6  after blood transfusion and intensive care unit for couple days
[us] i get what you are trying to say about average intelligence , and i m not disputing the facts there  finland truly leads the world in average education attainment .
[us] a positive list approach better equips negotiators to exclude those sectors that are particularly sensitive as nonnegotiable domestic priorities , such as energy , water , etc.
[russia] instead of actually breeding pigs it s faster and easier to get a loan to  create a farm  in the bank , share it with local police and prosecutors  for proper investigation results  and say to bank  i ve tried and failed , your money gone , bye
[russia] tsk tsk , kvint is in tiraspol  , should nt advertise the drink of your adversary p believe it or not , i am a russianukrainian in his early to mid twenties and i have never had a drop of alcohol in my life  not religious at all , just never wanted to try it .
[us] whenever i see a post about roma or young arabs doing something illegal there are always quite a few racist posts that get upvoted .
[us] thousands of americans visit paris yearly because they had a grandfather or relative in the war who came back and spoke highly of the french culture and people , and therefore they want to go experience it for themselves .
[us] the case for worrying about european deflation    httpblogs.wsj.commoneybeat20140917thecaseforworryingabouteuropeandeflation   fitch ratings reckons that the eurozone is in the grip of bad deflationary pressures through lower aggregate demand .
[us] there certainly is antiquity in the us if you know where to look for it , although i know that it s nothing like the antiquity of europe .
[russia] they simply have bad radar tracking personnel , which is nt surprising given that most are civilian volunteers or former army men with little advanced experience with the weapons they use .
[russia] the defence minister also said the czech army was most likely not going to take party in any massive nato exercise in response to russia s military activities in ukraine .
[us] and iraq is much more comfy with iran than us , they only call us an ally because we again give them money and are always willing to bomb their enemies .
[russia] dear leader becomes even more dear than before   exmayor is  sentenced to 10 years   httptop.rbc.rupolitics09072014935395.shtml  for attempt to organize a terrorist act  he was going to shoot down an airplane with his political opponent on board .
[russia] the support for armed separatism among the locals stayed  minimal   httpwww.thedailybeast.comarticles20140725putinsnumberonegunmaninukrainewarnshimofpossibledefeat.html  even after the gru colonel and other insurgent leaders from moscow created all the conditions for the crazies to run around with guns in that particular region of 7 million people  there s somehow no rebellion in similar parts of ukraine where the gru did nt show up  the referendums .
[russia] it only makes sense to slowly , but surely influence and check out what people think , after all its probably harder to make constant census among population and annoy them with questions , while on the internet its way easier , cheaper and faster .
[russia] this has happened numerous times in russian history , when russia lost control over ukraine in one way or another , most recent example would be 2004 orange revolution and changes in policies that ukrainian government went with during yushenko years .
[us] along with the fact that the foreskin is normally a valuable part of the body  which is more obvious in genitally intact european cultures  , the other key misunderstanding underpinning this debate  on finally restricting involuntary nontherapeutic genital modification  is that the antiforeskin movement , the force promoting medicalized genital cutting , has never been acknowledged by the mainstream media .
[us] whatever happens in europe , i would expect it to be worse in the us where more and more people ca nt afford to go to the doctor .
[russia] i ca nt really provide links so stuff like spilno and all the other sites , that were live streaming during euromaidan protests and what was shouted from the stage there by the likes of lysenko and others .
[russia] according to  this source   httpdelo.uaworldvmnogonacionalnojrossiihotjatotkazatsjaotprincipamultiku232454  , they also claim that terms  russky   ethnically russian  and  rossiysky   citizen of russian federation , not necessarily ethnic russian  are practically the same thing
[us] for background on us grand strategy debate , see   1997   come home america    httpwww.dartmouth.edudpressdocspresscomehomeamericais.pdf  and compare with   2012   do nt come home america    httpbelfercenter.ksg.harvard.edufilesis3703brooks20wohlforth20ikenberry.pdf  .
[us] let s tell the american how evil and uncivilized america is while the thread is full of europeans hoping africans die and completely denying the role that europe hashad in turning africa into a disaster .
[russia] or maybe he really likes to follow nixon s school of international diplomacy     to be fair , i think the west recognizes this , for the most part .
[russia] why is everything is so simple and black and white there , i do nt get it  why do people ignore historical context i do nt get either .
[us] wondering out loud if  suspect classification   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikisuspectclassification  is correct for homosexuality , let s look some criteria used to classify suspect classification of groups .
[russia] as a bonus we will have an overall decline in demand for consumer products just like in any other crisis , especially with current credit rates .
[russia] putin is a great man , but the problem is we always need a great man to hold our country together and have it thrive .
[russia] if the laws worked , 2012 election results should ve been canceled , but the courts found reasons to ignore most of the evidence .
[us] it would essentially be a system of utilizing a larger state for its benefits to develop but the people get no benefit when their assisted areas do actually do well .
[russia] this is not about invading someone per se , this is about putting a gun next to someones head and watching how they react .
[russia] a lot of disappointment , depression , despair and no one seemed to care how russia was looted to the ground by crooks who stored their money abroad  btw i still fail to see any of london  or other place   new residents  punished or expelled , this is a ringing bell for me personally that no one ever gave a fuck about russian citizens at all .
[russia] cute  3 and how does any of that related to your inability to use such basic thing as compass , to point out where your hometown is
[us] because germany is in nato and should nt be rising their budget that much this year , it should already be at that level .
[us] the entire premise and reason mad works is that both sides understand that nuclear weapons completely change the battlefield in every way shape and form .
[us] russia could ve been among the likes of finland or south korea , or at least romania and cyprus , now look at it .
[us] but the mali mission has so far proved successful , and likely because of the substantial help france got from the us  largely through the air force .
[us] this does nt look to be an official embassy account  a twitter feed dedicated to promoting diplomatic relations , economic growth and friendship between the state of israel and the republic of ireland .
[russia] but of course it materialised not in a noble air fight between migs , su   , tu   , f   , but in a bunch of thugs beating the shit of out journalists .
[us] in its report , fitch noted that it does nt see sustained deflation as a central case scenario , but it still makes some scary backoftheenvelope calculations about the possible impact of such a development , predicting significant increases in government debt for eurozone countries .
[us] could you please link me to any source document  one that comes from the us , or the eu  that states that the ttip is to  set up privatization as the goal for all public services
[us] some of the criteria that have been cited include    the group has historically been discriminated against , andor have been subject to prejudice , hostility , andor stigma , perhaps due , at least in part , to stereotypes .
[russia] way to go ngos ... lets criticize the useu free trade deal ... but we will say nothing about the other 14 trades agreements that europe are negociating right now  they are already in the 8 rounds with india and 9 rounds with mercosur  .
[russia] you mean like that time when they released an article on new russian  antigay  law in which they tell us that you can be now put to jail in russia just for being gay
[us] the only prudent way to look at them is to see them as an attempt to make privatization the default , and everything for profit that possibly can be the default .
[russia] mind you , i think both are going in a handbasket to hell or however that expression goes , but again , your neverending posts are hard not to notice .
[russia] here are some classical ones   the place for hitting your head   httpi.imgur.comh3etmth.jpg  above the exit door ,   somewhere here  stop will be somewhere there   httpi.imgur.comlqi4ulk.jpg  ,  ten minutes of terror and you re home ,  come in , sit down , buckle up and shut up
[us] in this case , and in many of the other failed attempts to apply the exception , the chapeau of the gatt and gats exceptions was the basis for the failure .
[us] it died out there when the nhs decided not to cover nontherapeutic genital surgery given all the infant fatalities it had caused   gairdner , 1949   httpwww.cirp.orglibrarygeneralgairdner   .
[russia] yes , what should russia have done in case russian citizens were ethnically cleansed in chechnya or simply made leave under a barrel of ak
[us] grocery stores do nt  have  to advertise they re free from transfats , that is part of marketing , it is nt a fucking law .
[russia] edit  after the second thought ,  ca nt be translated as  auto enthusiast  at all ,  used there as amateur , nonprofessional , not as  enthusiast  .
[us] since the status quo is essentially the israelis  position , the palestinians need to make a compelling argument that there is a  need  to split jerusalem , but there is no argument that will convince the israelis to agree to something so stupid .
[us] i also think it s retarded to oppose such a compromise that improves the situation to a certain extent because you have hopes of oneday getting everything you want , even if it risks burning down everything around you in the pursuit of it .
[us] most of these urban families do not own cars or drive so its not feasible for them to be uprooted and moved to suburbia for developers benefit .
[us] tisa is the   trade in services agreement   httpwww.worldpsi.orgsitesdefaultfilesdocumentsresearchreporttisaenglr2.pdf   its probably going to be a direct attack on services like public education and public health care .
[russia] the amount of people who has been supporting direct military involving of russia to ukraine conflict has also shrunk from 36  in march to 13  in august .
[us] the wise thing would be to leave that energy in the ground as a hedge against possible future needs i m not convinced that this will work even in theory , but in practice would seem impossible as a realistic goal .
[us] nato commander  eu could not do libya without us    httpeuobserver.comdefence115650   nato majorgeneral marcel druart , addressing the european parliament committee on security and defence on tuesday  20 march  , said nato relied heavily on us military expertise on intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance  isr  capabilities .
[us] so its not affordable , and will never be affordable , and people are dying because they can not afford to go to the doctor and pay rent too .
[russia] i can understand a western feeling that he was great for you guys , united germany , peace of our time and his actions led to what might be considered as a golden age of western civilization  up to date  , but for russians it was not all rainbows and unicorns .
[us] please give this podcast a listen if you want to know the downside of the single currency and how germany disproportionally benefits at the expense of other nations .
[russia] of course , you still can travel across the country and even rent an apartment  illegally  but you might  might not have some issues .
[us] i do nt know many people that cheer for recessions , but the boom and bust cycle just kind of keeps repeating itself with a general upward trend .
[russia] i would dearly love to see you take these allegations to the good people of right sector themselves and see what they have to say about it .
[russia] along with dom 2 , a godawful show where people try to find a partner , he s one of the figures which even politicians sometimes speak unfavourably of .
[russia] for common people this is a war that has nothing to do with them , they want no part in it , nor do they want to be bombedkilled , if someone removes one source of this experience   good , maybe they will leave us alone at lastmaybe there would be less bombing .
[us] by pushing the buttons on ukraine  rallying eu countries to oppose russia over it , it spikes their overall plan , or the very least delays it .
[us] in my city  boston  there was a big fight over uber and the taxis tried to blockade the uber hq and generally caused a racket .
[russia] for me solution is obvious , everyone else is just hesitating to speak it loudly because it s dangerous and will require some effort .
[russia] initially , the antiterrorist operation said the explosion originated from inside the building , then that an antiaircraft missile operated by the separatists had misfired , reacting to heat from an airconditioning system on the outside of the building .
[russia] farewell , farewell , unwashed russia , the land of slaves , the land of lords , and you , blue uniforms of gendarmes , and you , obedient to them folks .
[us] using your logic , serfs were never really treated badly and it was only a minority that were treated poorly since absolute monarchs ruled for so long .
[us] was the corridor  sorry if i m using the wrong term for that area , btw  also forcibly repopulated by poles from the east after wwii
[us] while i would be okay with going nuclear over the baltics , pissing blood  loosing my hair because of it , we have to draw the line somewhere .
[us] france and england have been rivals for over a millennium and neither of them sit in fear of the other invading across the channel .
[us] the surprise attack was when soldiers without insignia and with russian equipment , some of whom admitted being from russia , engaged in a military intervention , which was then joined by troops from sevestapol .
[russia] should i mention that janukovich s main election point was that law  together with some others which he  forgot  to do  , so it basically has a support of the whole southeastern ukraine .
[russia] to be honest , after reading both ukrnet and runet i do nt think we see each other as a brothers or even a friends anymore .
[russia] the thing is , most people are pretty content with the rights they have and your advice does nt make much sense  to us around these parts  .
[russia] i doubt that 747s are build to withstand this amount of damage at such a high height , there is almost none external air pressure there .
[us] honestly , since moving to the uk , i ve noticed that most british people think they know a lot more about the united states than they actually do .
[us] but as for the people themselves , no one tried to pull anything on me , i never felt like i was being taken advantage of .
[russia] during these 3 weeks the ua forces on the border suffered significant casualties , lost most of their military equipment and vehicles , and basically became unfit for action .
[us] the republicans currently control the house of representatives and the democrats might as well not show up , since they have no power whatsoever .
[russia] anyways , no sane country wants a hot spot on its borders , especially when people of the same ethnicity live in said country just across a mountain .
[russia] russia  whom you conveniently omit from your list of empires , nevertheless is in many way the epitome of imperialism , starting from ivan the emperor of all russia and ending , well , with crimea and even possibly transsnistria today  has laid its eyes on europe many times , in particular the balkans .
[us] it is always uk bitching the most and threatening to leave over every bullshit little thing they do nt like and mentioning ukip at every turn .
[us] what you re saying is that voters should always vote for the group closest to their interests , even if that means causing the government to be tilted perpetually against them , in the  hope  that other voters will see the error of their ways .
[us] yeah , all you guys get is a massive export market right next door and all the advantages of a massive military  perceived stability of country , currency , etc  without paying for it .
[russia] i guess there is no irony in waxing over democracy and then telling others to shut up because your views do nt align with mine and democracy ends where internet arguments begin .
[us] it would nt be on the same level as the eu but i think a closer angloshpere will be key in the coming years .
[russia] however , just about everyone i know does nt want the enmity between russia and ukraine , the trade between the two countries is too close .
[us] we feel for ukraine and want to help them but we can not think of a even remotely viable option other than not selling anything to russia just embargo multiple goods .
[us] take a look at how the rather incomplete sanctions on russia , even though only implemented by u.s. and europe , are causing instant , permanent devastation and you see how effective they are .
[russia] in a result consumer of these  major news outlets  have more distorted worldview than persons who gather information from other sources , like nonmainstream or social media .
[russia] but russia still feels that it should have a buffer zone , you can not get around that point and tell it that it can not have it when russia still has the military force to demand it .
[us] it seems their anarchy is more anarchical than yours , how do you enforce the absence of private property for commercial gain in an anarchy
[russia] russian  security software manufacturer  kaspersky laboratory  published article how  it s ok for people to be watched by government , but quickly removed it   httpwww.theregister.co.uk20140829kasperskybackpedalsondonenothingwrongnothingtofearcompanyarticle     tornado in bashkiria   httptop.rbc.ruincidents30082014946079.shtml  killed two people and injured  70 more  note  i expect army of russian federation will capture airport in donetsk during next week and there is high chance they will start using fighter jets and attack helicopters against ukrainians .
[us] the privatization of health care is being  locked in  in the us , by the ftas , tisa in particular , the existing and planned ftas are the core reason why our health care is so bad .
[russia] through sheer existence of red dog concepts like colonial empire vanished over the time , new things like worker right were introduced , pensions were implemented and many other things .
[us] us gdp started growing again in 1932 and unemployment started falling again in  1934   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikigreatdepression  , and aside from one recession inside of a depression from illtimed austerity , would continue that way .
[us] so , out of the 350 million of us , perhaps a few thousand , at best , know the fact that the ftas hijack huge , important policy areas , or that they are working feverishly to superimpose an extreme ideology which nobody would agree with , over all of our laws , using trade policy , for good .
[russia] i disagree , if anything , this is a nice excuse to implement sergei glazyev    strategy , which roughly means changing easy to replace western products  such as agriculture and low tech products , whatever it is russia importing is  with our own native production .
[russia] people really start to pay attention to those more than they re worth , sometimes it leads to overly stereotyping something , sometimes personification effect appears when people are talking to others as if they re talking to the personification of the whole countries and so on .
[us] barring these , i think chinese would have a neutral opinion of the us but it s surprisingly still not bad  equal to germany according to the most recent pew poll  .
[us] httpi.imgur.comka6ki1v.png  in short , roughly half a million girls from all major eu countries have been subjected to or are at risk of fgm .
[russia] odessa is nice , i ve vacationed there many times , the beaches are nt anything special compare to mediterranean , but for black sea it s nice .
[us] there are a lot of cities in europe that i know are nice , but would have no idea what i would do there .
[us] isds proceedings take place out of the public eye  isds cases are held behind closed doors and are fully confidential , even if cases being disputed involve matters of public interest .
[russia] anything from arguments that stalin was punishing them for not supplying food as they were obligated to to the cities or that holodomor was nt just a starvation in ukraine , for instance i had relatives in moldova and russia that starved just like my ukrainian family .
[us] you can point to this one batallion with a sketchy image and membership and say  look how much nazism there is in ukraine  but let s not forget fucking half the world s neonazis are in fact russian living in russia .
[us] the eu was great in theory but the execution was sloppy and undemocratic , and now everyone is too afraid to abandon it because it represents the european dream .
[russia] well for several reasons , mostly because the heads of state of the eu have repeatedly said that this is exactly what it will take to stop the sanctions against russia  full withdrawal of forces from ukraine s sovereign territory , full withdrawal of backing of prorussian rebels in the donbas , and in all likelihood reparations for the damage inflicted on ukraine by russia .
[russia] it s bigoted because it plays onto the old myth of  hurr durr russians drunk untermensch who are like a rotten door waiting to be kicked down , all bluster no force  .
[us] if italian does nt come first ... because , ya know , at the end of the day it would be rather useful to speak the language of my  other  country .
[us] just pointing this out  lehi  the group responsible for bernadotte s assassination  was turned upon and hunted down by the mainstream jewish militia , the haganah .
[russia] edit  i mean , i am russian , live in russia , and do nt even have any relatives in ukraine or crimea , but i was pretty devastated for a week or so by all these news from crimea , because war against ukraine is one of the worst things i can possibly imagine .
[russia] the team has one minute to come up with an answer , once per game they can ask for another minute , or they can skip the discussion and get another extra minute if the answer is right .
[russia] are we discussing here  militarily capabilities of poland vs nazi germany  at the time or list  war crimes  during that era and this war in particular
[russia] i m just saying there need nt be any ethnic stereotypes in play in the process of pulling wrong stuff out of your arse .
[us] not sure about charging stations , but the volt has a gasoline turbine generator , that will generate it s electricty from gas if you need to .
[us] there are parts where some of it is true but for the most part the us south is very diverse and people have been living with this diversity since civil rights back in the 60s without , for the most part , much issue .
[russia] we must all strive for peace  the fall of one of the world s great powers , especially the one with the highest amount of nuclear weapons which could easily fall into the hands of radicals , will be horrible to that goal and to the entire human race should the worst come to past .
[russia] the idea to this date has been that by integrating economies and enabling russians to do business in the west , it will in long term liberalize the russian economy and society , thus enabling it to transform to a modern democratic state .
[us] in addition to this , which is correct , most us clinics and hospitals will run tests that most other countries wo nt consider running unless there is a pressing reason .
[russia] apart of western media which will find a way to spin the upcoming murders and terror as either insignificant problems or just as the evil putin as usual .
[russia] a couple of days ago , ukrainian msm reported that their spetsnaz had recaptured two of the armored vehicles which were  captured by the separatists  earlier .
[russia] collapse of centers of power usually create quite an unstable environment with plenty of blood to be shed and tears to be dropped , to think in simple terms that  it was a great event for everyone  or its opposite of   it was terrible mistake  is too one sided and ignores other points of view  thus making the dialogue problematic to say the least  .
[russia] about malusha as a  slavic  form of malka  other examples  maria   masha , natalia   natasha , pavel   pavlusha , aleksei   alesha   or malka as jewish name
[us] the first thing that people would say , look at hitler s   blitzkrieg   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiblitzkrieg   however , a modern army defending their own homeland have a lot of potential tricks which they could use perhaps to make it a very costly advance .
[russia] calculated price is 8  below prices for eu  350 vs 380   considering substantial sum will be  paid  as investments into infrastructure  china will help to build pipes  this deal does nt look good for russia at all .
[us] we re all being ruled by compulsive liars so , to answer your question , no , tisa is not immigration reform , however tisa will allow corporations to move their staff from wherever to wherever they want and countries have to let them .
[russia] something tells me you have incredibly limited knowledge of the actual state of media in the rf , alongside most other aspects of how the russian state operates .
[us] even though there is a 20 year backlog in the us  which has left many chemicals like endocrine disruptors   httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpubmedtermendocrinedisruptors  , unregulated . . edcs are dangerous chemicals which need to be regulated .
[russia] sometimes there is no time to wait for a welldocumented court resolution and people have to use common sense to form an opinion  and to act   and common sense says average ukrainian  including  berkut  officers  does nt have access to special military equipment .
[russia] people live their normal lives , not being afraid to be spread over asphalt thinly by grad , or killed by some weirdo with ak , businesses , services , transportation start to work again .
[us] usa does nt have censorship and state propaganda to make all of europe the hated enemy full of nazis and usa was nt committing ethnic cleansing and genocide in europe .
[russia] if we say  the crowd eat that up  , then they will eat up perpetual lowering of the bar  more vulgar , more naked ... any scandalous behavior , any lowering of the bar , any decline in morality and rules  and the crowd will eat that up .
[us] i mean , do nt get me wrong , densely populated countries like those in western europe are pretty well fucked , but once you factor in  the nukes used to target other nuclear delivery systems  the nukes needed for a second goaround for those assets if they failed to perform the mission  cushion for attrition  delivery systems shot down , bombs do nt work , etc   command and control facilities the actual number of nuclear weapons available for targets in urban areas starts to get fairly low .
[russia] no offense , but to us they are simply  shitty little countries   not trying to insult , believe it or not  , that have absolutely  nothing  we want .
[russia] plus there is absolutely no morale  people do nt operate with terms like  evil  or  good  but  profitable  and  detrimental  instead , so if anything is nt detrimental to the person  like lies of government about dead russian soldiers  then it s ok and can be ignored .
[russia] that the us fought a gruelling war that caused a huge chunk of their heartland to be burned to the ground , tens of millions dead , cities levelled , holding every kilometre and , in some cases , every metre , with grit and blood and life .
[russia] 1   umkvgtired did nt say anything about motive what s the point in summing up  all  deaths , even those that are clearly not linked at all to journalist work
[russia] zapiekankas  i love me some cottage cheese zapekanka  , kompot , jellofishthing , kogelmogel , shitty food at schools followed by an awesome desert .
[russia] thats at least the impression that i got from runet , initially this was a case of  curious zoo  with russians acting like an interested bystanders who see a free attraction , so why the hell not .
[russia] lets make everything produced in eu even less competitive on global stage , giving their  trade partners  more trump cards and growth , while eu goes back to recession .
[us] the u.s is more of a republic than a true democracy . . we vote for people to decide on the president and we vote people into political positions to decide on laws rather than vote for them directly .
[us] i am trying to point out that saying to yes voters that they lost and get over it just is going to cause problems .
[russia] also in stalingrad russians were forced to fight without any training and often without weapons  see   enemy at the gates   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett0215750refnmflmgact32   with jude law  .
[russia] but the opposition made all indications that it would not honour deals that yanukovich made with putin , whilst simultaneously inviting nato in , so it is nt hard to see why putin did nt feel that his base was secure .
[russia] i live in the us now , whenever i go back to moldova , ukraine and russia where my relatives are , everyone is fascinated with my american residency and most people very much like americans .
[russia] so basically if you imagine yourself on the place of stalin  let s simplify it dramatically  then you have a classical dilemma of choosing between two evils .
[russia] i assure you  i am ok with ussr fall , it was right thing to do  just like putting down a dog with cancer instead of letting it to suffer for years .
[us] and then there are some people who  if you  were   nordic white   would absolutely not believe that you were spanish , because they think of spanish people as having darker features , like brown hair and eyes .
[russia] there was slogan   putin , use army in russia  to protect our right  , we  russians  are oppressed here    photo of the crowd   httpi.imgur.comjdfqz72.jpg  .
[us] in the 90s nato members voted to adopt a 2 and 20 target  2  of gdp on military spending , and 20  of that spending needs to be towards investment  not just maintenance  .
[russia] by your logic , police can just bomb the hell out of this building killing all civilians in the process , and it would be drug makers responsible for that because they did nt move out of this building .
[russia] poll shows that most ukrainians , even in the east , want to continue being part of ukraine , but an overwhelming 88  of crimeans say that kiev should recognise the referendum  which was bullshit , but i still think the majority voted for union with russia  compared with only 4  who replied  no  .
[russia] you should have ignore any russian news sources completely since 2000 to never hear about his attempts to attract patriotic and nationalistic people to his party rodina or his hate speaches against nato , especially recent ones .
[russia] i mentioned this in the comments already , but yatsenyuk , one of the current leaders installed by maidan , was participating in this as well .
[russia] the reason this is effective should be obvious , first several upvotes matter a whole lot more on reddit than the next 30 and so on .
[russia] most of that territory is uninhabited , i do nt see how it is a liability in a modernized world , where we have conquered almost every ecosystem on the planet .
[us] now , here is michael bloomberg , the now former mayor of new york city , attempting to read prepared speeches in spanish  httpwww.youtube.comwatchvo9kmgramba0 httpwww.youtube.comwatchvxdt4yrt6yc httpwww.youtube.comwatchvi4elqmkj1pm at least he s making an effort though  httpwww.youtube.comwatchvxg1syw6o4ak
[us] well with the structures on the acropolis , it s a weird situation where most of them were in continuous use from antiquity right up until greek independence .
[us] the same problem exists with ttip and the secret tisa  which according to experts , is quite likely to be where the all important services stuff really is , not ttip
[russia] it s a very liberal  ideologically , not in the sense of tolerating other viewpoints  , culturally marxist , proeu , antinational , antitraditional values , proislamist , russophobic community .
[us] since they do nt know that , they do nt understand how the providing of those gpgs undergirds the international system , and keeps global stability at a relative low level .
[us] formal good relations with the worlds most powerful military and the preeminent meddler in middle eastern affairs is a smart move , and its served them well over the last few decades .
[russia] dissolution of the union by the then presidents of russian federation , ukraine and belarus 8 months later was performed against the will of the majority of the population and is considered an act of treason by some to this day .
[russia] when proukrainians realised the danger for separatists , they tried to save them  throwing ropes   httpsimgur.comsjkdw25  ,  moving constructions from the scene to the building   httpsimgur.compgaonux  , etc.
[russia] httpen.wikipedia.orgwikitskhinvali2008southossetianwar  tskhinvali was shelled by the georgian government on 8 august 2008 with bm21  grad  mobile artillery rocket systems in an attempt to regain control over the breakaway republic of south ossetia .   i would like to see some sources on the 100k dead russian civilians , as that is quite extreme .
[russia] again , if ussr did not industrialized in time either we would outright lost in ww2 and got exterminated in accordance to generalplan ost , or suffered  even more  casualties that we did , may i remind you ussr lost 27 million people .
[us] they are on top now and they want to prevent the gains which we saw in the 20th century , which led to vast raising of standards of all kinds , from continuing , because at this point , we should be giving everybody more time to spend with their families .
[us] are there any examples of gypsies running a country at any point in history that we can look at to see how it was run
[russia] goes hand in hand with narrative  russia  bad , fucking barbarian horde , if only they would did everything we want and never opened their mouth or opposed us , life would be sooo great
[us] there is a serious problem in that what the people want from the eu can only be done in a way that the people do nt want  gradual federalization  .
[us] if not , let s go ahead  shows that ultimately , there s a big cognitive clef between the us and eu that ll always make us do things differently .
[russia] russia is the largest slavic country , but today it is very much a multi ethnic , multicultural and multi faith country , where not only slavs can call themselves russian .
[us] we had slavery too , so i guess that means you can do lots of bad things , because it is hard to do worse than that .
[us] if the king of england ran off to india during a french invasion , the french would still be bragging about it 500 years later .
[russia] it will be perceived as  yet another  military loss and weakness of kremlin and it may  and most likely will  trigger stronger separatist movements across russia  starting from crimea to tatarstan , kaliningradkonigsberg , siberia  they ve already started  .
[russia] it s a tricky act , ukraine would never use its nukes because that would mean total retaliation from russia that would turn ukraine uninhabitable for next 200 years .
[russia] very simple , here is what western elites say to each other   this is a historic opportunity to take ukraine away from russian influence .
[us] i think it should be obvious that its plan is to create a club which the developing countries will feel they have to join and then offer jobs with a high perceived value in the  rich countries  as a trade for access to the growing markets with  national treatment  privileges .
[us] which is a lie , see here  httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpmcarticlespmc1261198 to see how the blowback of these policies effects americans see here  httpcitizen.typepad.comeyesontrade20131138millionretireessaynotoatradedealthatwouldmakemedicinemoreexpensive.html the first paper on drug prices is a very good one because it breaks it all down deconstructing their bs .
[us] under deflation , or falling prices , households may postpone purchases and companies may delay investment and hiring as demand for their products dries up .
[russia] its natural for things to be somewhat chaotic during uprisings and state not always have 100  of control , nor do people react adequately .
[us] the disaster clearly must have been the origin of the atlantis myth  recounted by plato in critias   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiatlantiscritias   it was also recorded in chinese history  as a time of famine   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiminoaneruptionchineserecords   it was one of the biggest events in ancient history .
[us] if any  regulatory convergence  happens it should be in the direction of the world becoming more prudent in its policies , and not converging on a race to the bottom .
[us] basically , in the late 1800s through the early 1900s if you were nt white with an english name and protestant ... you were potentially a target .
[russia] i have been polite to you about this and argued in good faith while backing up reasoning as logically and reasonably as i can while seeking not to offend your sensibilities .
[russia] after confusion was resolved participants and assailants went together to find actual gays to beat    cursive  is my guesswork    workers bathed in milk in cheese factory and published selfies in social networks   photos   httpwww.dailymail.co.uknewsarticle2590574saycheeserussianfactoryworkersfilmbathingnakedhugevatcheesystringnewyearseve.html    after couple months authorities still can not find out  whose  military drone appeared in the center of russia   httpwww.kommersant.rudoc2441363
[russia] we should have not do that in the first place , but that does nt justify the bigger mistake to forcefully return the territory back harming all the people living there directly , and all the other citizens indirectly through the inevitable economic consequences of ruined international relations .
[us] and it s really hard to force a change if society does nt actually care about the people who are having their rights infringed .
[russia] 3  the right sector thugs then joined the hooligans and together they viciously attacked the prorussian tent city  the tents were torn down and the antiregime demonstrators viciously beat up to a pulp .
[russia] i appreciate your skepticism of russian leadership , i ll be damned if i trust them myself , but i think you re going too far with conspiracies here , this one does nt even make sense    there were tensions prior to the start of conflict , yes , these things are nt completely spontaneous .
[russia] it could be his revenge disguised as a  joke   one of two vkontakte investors has pushed him out of business and he had to sell his 12  stake in the company .
[russia] never let a crisis go to waste   c  granted , we did create more of them and our  vacation  in southeast is in limbo with unpleasant consequences , but getting back crimea was popular among the population , so its good for putin s rating and his selfpreservation .
[russia] you re welcome to laugh all you want , but at the end of the day , no foreign policy maker dismisses nations with such weaponry .
[us] here is the full list  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofcountriesbypastandprojectedgdp  nominal   percapita imf  estimatesbetween2010and2019 if you wanted to have a better idea of cost of living look at this  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilistofcountriesbypastandprojectedgdp  ppp   percapita imf  estimatesbetween2010and2019
[russia] the problem is that let s say 51  vote for independence and a few months later 2  change their mind  very likely as independence often brings years of economical hardships  and want to go back to the uk again , what then
[us] actually a good point , if it was just the fascists vs. the republicans  excluding communists and anarchists  , the western countries would have armed and funded the republicans , but it sucked that the communists got involved in it which immediately deterred them and got the attention of the russians , the russians thought that if the fascists opposition won , they could get the communists to beat the republicans , then it would be too late for the western countries to help the republicans .
[russia] tl  dr the main findings in the emcdda s new analysis of the european drug problem remain consistent with our 2013 report  the overall situation is generally stable , with positive signs in some areas , but new challenges continue to emerge .
[us] one thing that distresses me a lot is the failure of the greek government to continue vector control measures that had been almost successful in eliminating malaria .
[us] this is ignoring the fact that people with four year degrees have needed to stay in school and get a better degree for a long time , and that need is especially pressing now , and its been that way for a long time .
[russia] i have no idea if he is a good writer of not but his siding with kasparov means that he is just a pure putinhater and nothing more .
[us] i do nt think it s going to be a huge problem for the foreign policy reputation of germany , because the expectations are not that high .  how the hell is this  good news
[us] an i bet you re the kind of guy who pops a blood vessel when your average brit ca nt tell , nor cares , about the difference between you  a american .
[us] so . . the logical thing would be to invest your billions now , thereby shrinking your debt to gdp ratio , and therefore keeping your interest rate low as investors gain confidence that you can repay .
[us] though my ability to articulate and discuss is extremely hindered by my rage , i hope i m at least bumbling through this conversation enough to provoke  some  thought in one or two ... people .
[russia] i guess this sub is a simple example how quickly even somewhat educated group of people can change and  peace of our time  or  we are so interconnected in global trade , war is impossible and an unreal thought  is just wishful thinkingdelusions .
[us] if somebody can live at home with their parents for free and go to a degree granting institution near their home , that can save a huge amount of money .
[russia] correction  it seems russian army decided not to wait for acquisition of airport in donetsk and has  started to use fighter jetsbombers against ukrainian military   httpswww.youtube.comwatchvj9ylu06zu7sampt01m09s   this is a video of ukrainian border guard vessel bombed by  concerned citizens  , ukrainian branch of pr department of fsb  a.k.a.
[us] if i m not mistaken , his problem with including the drugs and sex is that it s not really a  growth surge  , it s just adding in some preexisting figures which everyone already knew were there to give the  illusion  of growth .
[russia] i thought it was just new subs and bulava being taken on service  after testing  stuff  , since most of the warheads are mirvs so 23 sub  200 warheads , no
[russia] from what i have heard , russian food prices are already inflated , i have heard the price of a small cup of coffee can cost you 8 usd that s in moscow cafe .
[us] one of china s opening moves for an invasion of taiwan would be to disable us air assets and probably the best way is to fire some df21 ballistic missiles to hit the airfields there .
[us] endocrine disruptors in the environment  chemicals called obesogens in nonstick cookware , plastic food can liners , supermarket receipts , dental restorations , pipes , water bottles , pesticides , and so on .
[russia] httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiadministrativeresource  if you are working for government controlled organisations or companies , and has  low  social position  so no manager from gazprom  , you are fucked .
[us] that is , canada is contributing in a rather significant nonmonetary way , there s no doubt about their commitment to the common defense  which in any event is the point of the 2  number  .
[us] after the protests in spb there were people calling them fifth column scum and wanted the streets washed afterwards to get rid of the filth .
[us] but just a reminder  the united kingdom , which is indisputably  the west  has not just one but two state churches , the church of england and the scottish kirk .
[russia] i find you to not be worth the effort , i generally do nt engage seriously with individuals that call others mass murderers in internet conversations .
[us] no , their race is irrelevant to their  deeds  but to think that it does nt play a role in the way society views them is incredibly naive .
[russia] what if you break the treaty and sanction someone it would have more of a middle and long term consequences and instigate a spiral of  responses  followed by the other side  reacting  to not look weak and  stand by its european allies
[us] if he is right , scotland would be afforded special treatment that has been denied all new member states joining over the last decade .
[us] i think this may be going over your head , but you are referring to your fellow countrymenwomen as outsiders when you call them  them and they  .
[us] even in the case of france , it was more of a  what the fuck , we kind of expected support  kind of thing than a  we absolutely need your support  kind of thing  not that we were right to get upset either way . . it was an odd time in american history
[us] it s suspected that saudi arabia is flooding the market with cheap oil to curtail shale oil extraction in the united states  canada to preserve their market share   hinder profitability there , delay the inevitable increase in production   if anybody is the spectator here it s the united states .
[us] each one of those bodies in that stack , as well as those smoking bodies in the earlier photo , were once someone s child , brother or father .
[russia] in the tv report they also talk with budick s wife  currently she appeals to all authorities to do something to free her husband .
[us] the bottom line is , that it does nt matter what ideological term we use for this policy , socialism or capitalism , in fact it s better we not use them at all , because political terms are very good at obscuring facts .
[russia] and we kinda mostly defeated nazi germany since europe was twiddling its thumbs for all the good it did  not to say that the french resistance was nt brave , but they did not change much ultimately  .
[russia] extremist groups need to go away one way or another , but the hypocrisy of the voting here stinks , i am so tired of this sub ever since the ukraine business began , though it is nt really fair of me to expect any westerners to have a balanced viewpoint of russia .
[us] by no means am i bashing his experience , it s just that there  are  places in the united states that certainly do carry history beyond 200 years .
[us] well , why do nt you listen to dr matthew rimmer from the anu college of law  giving evidence on investorstate dispute settlement   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvjopnhrbnme  to the senate committee for foreign affairs defence  trade on the 6th august 2014
[us] some towns and cities do have the budget to keep impeccable roads while others like having it looking like the ones in fallout  new vegas .
[us] what about the migrants children who grow up , in your specific case , living in germany , studying in german schools , speaking german , learning german history , associating with ethnic germans , and eventually getting jobs and paying german taxes .
[russia] an fsbemployed lifenews    reporter    talking to camera is good  reporting  for you because he has access to a site so those civilians that complain to vice reporters about ukrainian military shelling them without any reason were also fsbemployed
[russia] however  , in this case , the seizure of land was fairly illegal under international law ... russia could have went for abkhaziastyle setup which would be fair , i suppose , following the precedent of kosovo  that us , nato and eu insist was  sui generis  , but that s bullshit  .
[us] so at a time when the eu is in trouble , and nato may be in trouble  given the analysis i m presenting here  it s not good for europe .
[russia] the west  still has nt managed  to match the rights and respect given to women by the ussr , and the ussr does nt even exist anymore .
[us] also our secretary of the interior sally jewell could nt become president because she was born in london , so it would be smarter to leave her alive to block her position completely , but in that case i m sure she d step down and have someone else take the president position .
[us] that put a bunch of jobless military men  organizers on the streets with no hopes of advancement in many cases other than joining the insurgency , which only helped rip open sectarian strife .
[russia] he have to do that to find more dumb  heroes  who will agree to go die in ukraine and be secretly buried in graves without names on them  lately people who died in ukraine are being buried only with numbers on their plates to avoid more scandals like one which happened in august with soldiers from pskov division .
[russia] strelkov did nt personally order this probably , it was likely more of a  holy shit plane , fire on it  spur of a moment thing .
[us] speaking with my english friends it seems that the concern is not other eu citizens coming to britain but the loads of economic migrants from poorer countries who come over .
[us] but after years of savings campaigns and growth in korean owned businesses , worst korea is now one of the most economically strong country in the world .
[russia] what is wrong with you op , why ca nt you fit in and discuss the best possible ways to split russia , so that those pesky russians will know their place
[russia] may be it s somehow connected to the fact that people do nt get younger over time , and to the other fact that it s easier to earn money running some business or , say , writing code .
[us] next time i m in germany i ll be sure to give a good ol nazi salute and sieg heil and then remind them all it s perfectly legal in america .
[russia] quantity wise yes , techwise , not at all , but that wo nt matter since prc will quickly scale up their military expenditures if they see it fit and it would nt be difficult for them to surpass russia if they put their backs into it .
[russia] china has one , us claimed two entire continents as its own , but russia has to be content with nato bases right on its border , apparently ... obviously it is morally wrong in relation to the independent polities around russia , but spheres of influences are never fair , the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must  this is what putin sees , and to be fair , that is what russia got in 1990searly 2000s .
[russia] not in a state of cold war with russia would be nice for starters , though its not  exactly  europe s fault   as for eu inner workings i am obviously quite uninformed , but i would like for europe to have contingency plans for potential meltdown of global financial system .
[russia] and it s just funny to me that at the same time you assume that the  eastern regime media  is somehow truthful and is reporting  facts  instead of lies .
[russia] there are a lot of reasons to suspect him in corruption and a lot of reasons to think he d get rid of that if he had a chance .
[russia] yes , but right now we have the option to move freely around , so if things go south , i m moving south .
[russia] any independent media which do nt employ selfcensorship is being closed  there are few exceptions like echo moskvy but government keep it to brag about the freedom of speech  .
[russia] i guess stalin could ve been more gentle , more of a gentlemen  oh i m sorry hitler wants to kill half of us now , half of us make into slaves and gradually kill later anyway , wo nt you mind not aligning with that unpleasant person while he s doing that and if you do nt mind can you also avoid letting his troops on your territory because he ll be closer to our border , please dear baltic states  poland
[russia] i guess calling mila kunis  zhidovka    httpobserver.com201302ukrainianantisemitismandmilakuniscomplicatedbyfacebookdictionaries   that s  female kike  for those who do nt speak russian here , is absolutely not attacking at all  funny thing too , the ponytailed bastard who roughed up this pershi natsionalniy head was the same one who said that about kunis .
[russia] after that it snowballs and you loose control little by little , nationalism gets crazier , its harder to pull back domestically and so on .
[us] you live 2000 miles from the nearest coast , in bumfuck iowa where the local attractions are your 2nd cousin , the cornfields and the wal mart the next county over too
[us] there will be a tipping point , eventually , when petroleum is so marginalized in the energy market that that trick wont work , but i do nt see it happening for at least 50 years .
[us] anyway , i can understand the appeal , but for me  if i m spending thousands of dollars and plenty of time abroad , i would want to be somewhere more exotic than the uk .
[us] there s a certain smug satisfaction whenever he talks about hungary now , like all his sacrifices 60 years ago made a difference in the lives of his family and friends that he left behind .
[us] i think what is in common with us far outweighs our differences in most european nations  except uber , wow does this sub hate it .
[us] if the  ark royal  had been properly replaced there would have never been any doubt about victory , as it stands the rn only suffered so few casualties because the argies did nt set the fuses right to their bombs .
[russia] in  the interview to lifenews   httpwww.youtube.comwatchv1jojzxolkjm  , he did nt say a single word confirming that he participated in the attack , or that he was from the right sector  it was all from voiceover .
[russia] the problem was not the reforms , the problem was that they were caused too rapidly , and along with the soviet system which could nt sustain itself , caused the ussr to fall .
[us] mostly i agree with you , i really do , but i hate the implication that america is so bad it could nt join now if it wanted as people are proposing with canada .
[russia] then to make it even better , they repeatedly throw in pictures of putin or make comparisons to nazi germany in order to establish a clear emotional reaction , by hammering the images into the minds of viewers repeatedly over long periods of time .
[us] the last time it happened , it destroyed the anasazi  before they vanished ino the distant south  and the hopi mesas  they descended into cannibalism httpwww.usatoday.comstoryweather20140902californiamegadrought14446195 americans are already unable to afford heating and cooling .
[russia] the thing is  we do nt know enough details and what we are currently engaged with is debating on something , of which we have very little of  actual  information .
[us] it is patently absurd that people in ukraine are nt allowed to improve their economy and are forced to live in poverty because of putin s ego .
[russia] putin is nt currently abusing interpol to make lives hell for people in the baltics for refusing to join russians in killing people in the baltics no , he is nt .
[russia] maybe putin is further escalating the situation only to walk off in the end and sorta say  see what an amiable and generous chap i am
[us] lol i ca nt imagine if california or texas tried to pull this shit  sink a huge portion of the country to their own benefit .
[russia] the authors of generalplan ost believed it would be best if they emigrated overseas , as even in siberia they were considered a threat to german rule .
[us] spain has to realize the uk will never give it up though especially since the people do nt want to be a part of spain .
[us] actively dislikes the kurds turkey loves iraqi kurdistan and , according to reports earlier this year , has given iraqi kurdistan its backing ifwhen they decide to declare independence .
[us] they still pay for the plates and fees for standard limo services , but then do avoid the more involved hackney fees and medallions .
[russia] problem is , his recent social and foreign policy track record is shading russia in very unfavourable light , we will see how long he will play this .
[russia] you can easily see it in russia itself , where homicide rates are higher in siberia than in european russia  superhigh amongst the siberian indigenous people  but below average in dagestan and chechnya , even though banditryorganized crime is much more rife there .
[russia] crimea had strategically important military base , it was historically russian and it was not returned to russia after ussr just because of that drunkard yeltsin .
[russia] russia will now suffer because of an autocratic idiot who went too far , because russia is not and will not be as strong as west .
[russia] i mean they did nt block  rtrees yet  because it s in english and nobody cares about it in russia  , but there are plenty of other filtered sites about recreational drugs , including wikipedia pages about drugs , site about virtual drugs in eve online , and so on .
[russia] list includes shoigu  ministry of defence  , sechin  rosneft  , kiselev  russia today  , surkov  pr  , miller  gazprom  , zhirinovsky , rogozin , ivanov .
[us] you re trying to pretend you know the answer but someday , not far in the future you ll be glad you had this conversation .
[russia] midi music played on sound blaster 16 and lyrics about how you are repressed by the man , how unfaithful your woman is and how you love your old mother .
[russia] rebels  has no designated aviation service as far as i know , nor do they have a chain of command to confirm what is what exactly .
[us] by the way , can you tell me why , in a post about the uk s economy , you are bringing up america s
[russia] what i m telling you is that one should nt always confuse street thugs being street thugs with any political context without knowing wtf happened first and my experience tells me that this were probably 2 dumbfucks looking to cause trouble , no matter what the reason .
[us] and the firearm thing is obviously a big debate but personally i like how the law is now where you can have shotguns or rifles at 18 but can only have handguns at 21 because those are more dangerous and concealable .
[us] but even they still need a nonzero number of high skill workers to support their operations , and all manufacturing  and really all kinds of  businesses need various kinds of reliable support infrastructure .
[russia] abortion rights came to the eastern bloc in the 1950s , before the pill , whereas for western europe and the us the pill  1960s  came before widespread abortion rights  1970s80s  .
[us] these opportunities were due to the great vaccum that existed in the south after the us civil war and permeated generations of southerners because of the negative connotations they brought with them .
[russia] russia is more like empire than a  normal  country  that s why it s so weird and that s why government treat population like foreigners while boosting antiseparatism laws nonstop to prevent those  foreigners  from forming normal states instead of one giant ineffective federation which survives on free resources from uninhabited regions  inhabited regions in russia often consume more than produce  .
[russia] not to mention russians have evacuated almost whole sossetia population starting from the end of july  2 weeks prior to attack   there was a wave of  ossetian children are goes to sea resorts with their parents   news  in the press when i ve realized there is evacuation  tens of thousands people were evacuated afaik  nearly half of population  and there will be war .
[us] as  ucrouchingtiger said , the ukranians no doubt lack a platform to delivery them from , and in any event the us would nt be onboard with selling technology to a , ah ,  high risk  customer .
[us] i do nt think american leadership has forgotten nor forgiven the 1970s opec embargo , nor do i think we ll tolerate a repeat   at least in the sense of oil being used as a weapon against us   .
[russia] our lowest point was a winter war which was from soviet perspective to protect st.petersburg , but after ww2 no one touched you and afaik you benefited from trade with sovietrussia lately a lot .
[us] an i really should nt even have to mention nordstream , which has the potential to economically isolate eastern europe to the benefit of both germany  russia .
[us] the news from america and britain has been reasonably positive , but japan s economy is struggling and china s growth is now slower than at any time since 2009 .
[russia] their countries did nothing wrong , never ever , and if they accidentally did then they re really sorry and dedicated not to repeat any even remotely morally dubious actions in the future .
[us] if they remained peaceful they could do tons of trade with eu and russians could be making a lot more money and have better quality of life .
[russia] and after some time you just do nt care anymore , there is a huge amount of russophobes on this planet who have nt even seen any single russian , paradoxically , or just do nt know anything about us but thinks he s an expert .
[us] the riverbank in porto , the pristine city beach and beautiful buildings in san sebastin , and the alhambra juxtaposed with the houses built on a mountainside in granada .
[russia] should it surprise us that it seems nearly all of the profit gleaned by capitalist40 imperialists is being generated where most of the productive labor actually is  in the peripheries
[russia] thats from wiki article on sovietpolish war , you should read it up if you have nt  how can you whitewash aggressive invasion of its neighbors with a desire to create your own little empire as something positive or worth praising
[us] also , this whole conversation is ignoring the indigenous people s , but it is harder to understand the age of their culture because we ve destroyed their people and their villagescities , but i digress  .
[russia] we have no legal and effective way to influence state policy , and i do nt see any people who are ready to defend their rights violently .
[us] george washington was the hero of the u.s. revolution , but he was nt political theorist , which was not controlled by a single individual but by a large group of people including ben franklin , thomas jefferson , madison , and the several authors of the federalist papers .
[us] an on that note , i d only support a north american union which  does have a clear vision   which  does know what it is  so we  do nt end up like the eu  .
[us] one thing that i see all the time in the defense industry is that if you give a someone you re giving money to an inch , they will take a mile .
[russia] just because someone says something against your point of view does nt mean they are being paid to do it edit  just saw that you linked to one of my comments .
[russia] certain types of food have started to disappear  i do nt have selection of stuffed olives anymore  , prices are growing slowly , there is some empty space on displays  merchandisers simply use a lot of  kremlincompatible  products to cover  holes   .
[us] it is nt perfect , but you can ask france how well it s going to let rich people simply move to another country and keep their citizenship without paying taxes .
[russia] through that i found the following chilling quote which i have nt heard httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiredterrorpurpose and some idiots argued that the bolsheviks did nt wipe out the potential of the russian people .
[us] i have been in process of getting irish citizenship through my grandparents and it was disheartening to hear how shitty the economyjob prospects were over there .
[russia] a lot of europe is unemployed and educated , surely they know  the truth  how to fix everything and can deliver a new golden age for european union .
[us] china is trying to internationalize their currency , and this is a step that must be taken , but their currency is a very , very , very long way from challenging the dollar s primacy , or even the euro s current status .
[russia] some of posters seem to be struggled about how an educated person can not be antirussian  and yet it is nothing that impossible , considering the fact that many people are based on media with one view of situation and mark other as propaganda  did nt read .
[russia] except all these cities have tons of other landmarks , while for snizhne  provincial industrial soviet town with only plants , mines , plants , mines around  it was the  only  landmark .
[us] stretched too thin by idiotic things like the war on drugs , or idiots calling about not getting enough french fries with their burger .
[us] furthermore , i do nt foresee putting thousands of troops through decontamination on the battlefield while as even more nukes are falling from the sky .
[us] dont make the assumption it is not in effect right away , most of them are now because it takes years to get them ratified , sometimes they never are .
[russia] i have family in moldova for instance , i know moldova is poor , but almost everyone there is either in russia or france , working abroad .
[us] international security    httpbelfercenter.ksg.harvard.edupublication22595dontcomehomeamerica.html  these two papers give a good balance , of precisely all of the information we need , when we are making our own opinions on american foreign policy .
[us] returnees should be offered tax credits , preferential tracks to enter the job market , and special access to credit to run a business .
[us] if these ftas pass , expect a great deal more lying because they are  criminogenic   in that they promote politicians lying to tell the population that they have more power than they do .
[russia] people blame the ukrainian s of a false flag , or even of redirecting the plane to use it as a human shield for their fighters .
[russia] nonetheless russians may see putin as somewhat ok  ish figure in our  current political climate  , but there is very little support for actual war .
[us] ignore domestic  international divides and just blame it on the foreign boogeyman because you have no other recourse but to admit that it s not only amerikkkunts who support certain things you dislike .
[us] here are a few examples  18  copenhagen 20  los angeles 22  vancouver 24  washington dc 29  bangkok 30  boston 31  chicago 32  san francisco like , what are those cities down that far down the list
[us] it s ok  a  part  of me is a neoisolationist , too . . another part not , i m ambivalent , but at least i  admit  that i m ambivalent .
[russia] every time when the russian parliament needs to approve any unpopular decision  like stolen pensions or tax growth  , then someone of politicians proposes a ridiculous law or an amendment , mainly in the information field , like the internet regulation etc.
[russia] the very idea of which has been used to justify genocide across the world by europeans on a massive scale for hundreds of years , from wwii to the destruction of native americans to the creation of artificial famines in vietnam and india , the list goes on .
[us] secondly , your pcp does nt just do preventative care  going to your doctor  who should be in your network by definition  wo nt cost you an exorbitant amount of money .
[us] interestingly though , before the first world war , german was our most widespread second language , with entire communities talking  teaching it as a first language .
[russia] the entirely unrelated flight of a president from office an establishment of entirely new , unelected political figureheads was entirely coincidental and does nt contradict eu ideals whatsoever .
[us] but the  apparently wrong theory i m being downvoted for p  theory i was referring to is that that original civilization , rus , was from a word meaning  reddish  .
[us] one of the cities was san diego  astronomical marine population , huge number of imports from the south  who are frequently in the military  .
[russia] both grandfathers returned from the war injured but still alive unlike almost all of their relatives were  disappeared  in end of 1930s ... in moscow .
[russia] subsurface navy was the only navy worth calling a navy , so when you say it is less sophisticated than the western equivalents  pretty funny because it was generally considered a greater threat than western subsurface navy  that would be rather ignorant .
[us] talking about the events of world war ii , putin said that  our nations together cracked down on the criminal ideology of hatred towards the humanity  .
[russia] the u.s. military was present in hawaii , there was very little about that which was peaceful  the pretext of its annexation was a bourgeois revolution by foreign white land owners who took power for themselves by force .
[us] all i m saying is that you have no right to expect that your opinion and outlook on the matter should or must be accepted and respected .
[us] as far as i m aware the amount of money the us military spends on ready troops in europe is negligible compared to the middle east .
[us] usa went across the pacific and had many americans died to liberate the islands from japan and then right after they set them free because they wanted to .
[russia] i mean , back then in 2013 when things were relatively calm , it was the eu who told that ukraine must decide between eu and russia and rejected trilateral talks , completely ignoring the fact that russia is major ukraine trading partner and kind of shares a whole lot of other things .
[russia] hehe , if you thought that , then you really lack a perspective of someone who has lived in both russia and ukraine p putin would never back down once having done something that big , that would make him look very bad .
[us] the member countries voted and pledged to uphold that target , but there is nt really an enforcement mechanism beyond being an untrustworthy partner .
[us] i used to go swimming up at yorti creek near cloverdale , but walking through sludge to get to water did nt sound fun this last summer so i did nt bother .
[us] scotland is nt just talking about redoing its internal systems , the proposed changes impact every other nation since the end result of a yes is another independent nation on this planet and the peers of this potential nation have a right to comment on that part of this .
[russia] so , when  opposition  came to power , the very first things they did was  openly  antirussian and they promised even more in regards to crimea as well  and naval bases stationed there  .
[us] for example , if russia is losing a battle conventionally , and if the stakes are high enough , they might send off a tactical nuke limited to the battlefield itself to bring about a stalemate or at least cover a retreat to save their forces from complete annihilation .
[russia] he is the leader of neonazi party   really  neonazi  they used stylized swastika , nazi salute , and other nazi symbolics  russian national unity .
[russia] here s the standard  once a quarter , three or four times a year is enough .   in an apparent attempt to forestall possible mockery over the suggestion , fellow ldpr deputy sergei ivanov said his party leader had made the remarks in jest .
[us] there needs to be some kind of roma relief fund for runaways than , something that will feed , clothe , and shelter them .
[russia] because prostitution is a unique case , it is almost allfemale in the  service  part of it and almost allmale in the  client  part .
[russia] ratings of the emperor s family were reached 100  ... four year later this family were shot by the same people those were rallying around the flag not so long ago .
[russia] wikipedia   a mercenary  1  is a person who takes part in an armed conflict , who is not a national or a party to the conflict and is  motivated to take part in the hostilities by the desire for private gain .
[us] you openly chastise those that make generalizations about muslims  which i wholeheartedly think you should  and then assume the role of a merchant that almost invariably sells salty quips about the state of polish sociocultural affairs .
[us] this is why i m arguing that he staged this as part of his  character  on the show ... because any halfwit journalist knows that ireland is part of the eu .
[russia] even if you think the crimean referendum was rigged , the vast majority of crimeans disagree ,  with 88  of the opinion that   httpwww.pewglobal.org20140508despiteconcernsaboutgovernanceukrainianswanttoremainonecountry  kiev should recognize the results .
[us] nevertheless , it s an abhorrent association that is diametrically opposed to the very purpose that it serves   poldouche or  poldick could have surely been suitable designations , only to name a few .
[us] probably why the soviets never really seriously considered a offensive against western europe throughout the cold war , despite being superior in most ways conventionally  having almostassured victory .
[russia] you ca nt even point anything in what i said as being false , how do you think i value downvotes from people like you
[us] agriculture tends to use very inefficient and antiquated irrigation systems , because there s simply no incentive not to , certainly little incentive for the development for extremely low water use agriculture , like hydroponicsaeroponics .
[us] bitching about colonialism as if it was ancient history just because uk is  old enough  while trying to turn the middle east into uk s playground once again .
[russia] he reiterates a common notion of soviet propaganda , that nato and the us only get into wars so that their defense industry can have earn maximum profits while ukraine lies in ruins .
[russia] it is highly likely that saakashvili was betrayed by someone from his inner circle or one of his  allies  for something very lucrative from the russian side .
[russia] 140 people were poisoned , 34 hospitalized   httpwww.themoscowtimes.comnewsarticlefoodpoisoningatseliger503845.html  in a youth putin s supporters summer camp seliger because of serious violations of sanitary norms .
[russia] the biggest divide is the one which existed since forever , since peter the great or even earlier , it s between the westoriented people and russophiles .
[russia] where are the same actions in stambul , since you guys are so concerned about human rights and fighting corrupted and unlawful , oppressive regimes
[russia] our ministry of foreign affairs recently stated that after short round of accusations europeans suddenly lost all interest in investigation of what is left from mh370 .
[russia] so unless you know a way to erase all the government and private debt accumulated over the last 2030 years , there is no solution in the current system .
[russia] i literally googled what you said and even the bullshit resources are saying that there are russians in ukraine  while repeatedly denying direct involvement in the warfare .
[us] there were prominent french creoles that refused to rent to americans and the americans had to settle in what is now the business district .
[us] i frankly do nt give a shit about what happens to any person that joins isis from a first world country at the hands of their friends in isis .
[russia] the ambushed convoy was  20km from grabovo , maybe from kyiv it looks  near crash site  , but for the conflict it s not  near  at all .
[us] they are literally trying to use these ftas to advance a agenda which i think almost nobody , not people , not most responsible corporations would ever agree with .
[us] i am not saying it is , but could the actions of the cia and other nation s secretive organizations be sometimes considered acts of  terrorism
[russia] but i guess the idea of upgrading the pipes just did nt come to the person s who was responsible for this particular hotel mind .
[russia] treaty of versailles was one of the main reasons for nazi germany to appear , russia has quite a number of similarities with pre ww2 germany already , if history is any indication  things might get worse is an understatement .
[us] so yes , if you are german you should be pissed at your government for literally selling you out daily while pretending to hold themselves to a higher standard .
[us] not sure if they d want to risk shipping the rockets  probably not too big of a deal to the get to french guiana  or launch from florida , though .
[russia] what he sees there deeply enrages him  there is an extremely handsome man lying on the bed  beautifully tanned body , great haircut , etc.
[russia] i know most people on this sub think that it s just russians attacking ukrainians in donetsk  and it s true , there is a shitload of russians illegally fighting against ukraine , supported by putin  but that s not to say that plenty amongst the local populace either support the rebels or oppose the ua .
[us] for example , in the event of a nato intervention into ukraine , they can be used to cover a russian retreat , or in the event of a russian invasion of the baltics , used to   potentially   force a stalemate .
[us] the rest have failed on one of three threshold tests required by the gats and gatt general exceptions .4 included in this 97 percent failure rate is the failure of the united states to defend its antiinternet gambling laws against a challenge from antigua and barbuda , which the wto has now authorized to sell  21 million worth of u.s. copyrighted material in retaliation .
[us] one group wants to prevent the abundance given us by technology from being shared and basically try to minimize the planet s growing awareness of it .
[us] it was 2008 and las vegas is still fucked today because it was the biggest boom place as far as bigger metro areas go .
[russia] i ll let you cool down , then we can move onto your next line of apologetics for politicizing murder in order to justify more murder .
[us] europe uses a   better safe than sorry   httpwww.sehn.orgpdfscience,regulation.pdf    see links below also  approach , the us uses an   innocent until proven guilty   httpehp.niehs.nih.gov117a104   approach .
[russia] however  , i do not see how this trade cooperation has any influence on what i said though , i mean , i do nt see what argument this has for or against my point , it just looks like a random fact to me , maybe you can clarify for me
[russia] russia is hostile towards its own citizens , as  foreigner  i m happy authorities did nt send me to jail for lack of papers yet  they ll have a chance in few weeks when i ll try to cross the border  afaik  illegal border crossing   without proper set of documents  result in 2 to 5 years sentence .
[russia] if you have a football shirt and fans from the opposing team kick your ass  happens all the time everywhere  , whose fault is it
[us] though hopefully its headed back in that direction again  while i support warren , i also fell in like with nobel prize winning economist paul krugman .
[us] basically , this study says that only one city in the largest economy by far in the world belongs within the top 20 global cities , while 10 cities in europe  combining for a similar economic size  make it into the top 20 .
[russia] so many lies everywhere , no accountability whatsoever and a general feeling that states are just making shit up on the fly , i wonder where that road will lead us
[us] peoples rights and the principle of universal human suffrage and representative government should take precedence over dirty deals between countries over superficial things like property leases .
[us] the war was just either way  it was just easier to sell after the teens had been murdered and all israelis were pissed at the palestinians .
[russia] the difference was the fact that poland and soviet unionrussian empire had  quite a history  prior with poland including pilsudski  adventures  in ukraine during russian civil war .
[us] yeah , but on the flip side , you can go to tallinn whenever you really want and hang out with some of the friendliest , hottest women in the world .
[us] the point i was making is that just increasing money supply would lead to massive inflation unless there is a genuine demand and need for that extra money all over the world .
[russia] whole  berkut  will be out of service before the end of february if protests wo nt stop  there are 4000 people , 300 injured during 24 hours  i imagine the rest are nt too eager to continue .
[us] everything poland is doing as far as alliances go is because the majority of people want it and the majority of people benefit from it .
[russia] do you , as a russian , think that means that we are witnessing a return of the soviet union , even if only by name
[us] its similar to the last 20 years in the us , do nt go down this path unless you want to end up like us which is a very horrible place for people .
[russia] russia  , we are getting ready for a big war edit , monday  fresh  and really bad  news   russia is about to start huge war games at the ukrainian border   httptop.rbc.rusociety04082014940668.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodymainitemtitle  .
[us] what the hell do you think russia was doing through ethnic cleansing , trying to erase the language , and the massive genocide that wiped out such a huge portion of their population
[us] it is completely impossible to look at a muslim and a hindu and tell me the difference short of religious items giving it away .
[russia] do you think submitters with an evident history of national hatred or antisomeone jingoism should be approved for posting their content and  spreading the word
[russia] other countries has other strengths , so if you open your market for their products , you can expect for local production to go under .
[us] to condemn the is and support the kurdish forces fighting against it , while expressing no confidence or trust in the us military intervention .
[us] then they tried to expand the scope of wto gats , which failed , then here in the americas  ftaa , which was a laundry list of the same bad ideas , which failed ...
[russia] i read sloviansk city forum , and it does nt look like it s a civil war , it does nt look like these guys have popular support .
[russia] as another user here pointed out , they do nt arrest prostitutes because they re more often the victims , at least more so than the solicitors .
[russia] if that , i did nt vote , because i was nt at the place where i m supposed to vote at the time of the elections and did nt get the papers to vote at the place where i was beforehand .
[us] exponential growth in technology  means that a great many entire categories of jobs are just going away , and the nature of that change is very different than it was in the past because its so very rapid now , and becoming more so quickly .
[russia] the only system that can stop an icbm currently is the airbrust of another icbm , then hoping that the explosion of the  defender  missile can destroy the  offender  missile
[us] irreversibly   this  eliminates the accountability  and can serve as the beginnings of a complete end to government protection of citizens from excesses of corporate greed .
[russia] i remember very well the informational background of that war and ukrainian media and government stance at the time  together with their friends from eastern europe  baltics  .
[russia] however , he actually explained it in the context of some of the parts world history being  dangerous territory  to the chinese , meaning that there are some historical events which the prc party ideologues are still debating over .
[us] without it , we would nt have the whole thing in the first place because without veto , no superpower would ve had any of it .
[russia] do you realize that if you loose means of production during modern warfare  for that time in was tanks , planes , arms  resources like oil , steel etc , ammunition and all the other logistics required to wage a war  you are as good as dead
[russia] i do nt know the legalities and in which europeanwestern treaties russia is engaged , but i can see us leaving them or acting extremely aggressive to any attempts to seize governmental property .
[us] the french air force possesses its own assets in those three strategic areas , but not as widely as the usaf does .    the us assistance was nothing less than essential in allowing the operation to proceed , the french official said .
[russia] secons chechen war worked perfectly to boost patriotic sentiments as 911 did , while fictional ukrainian fascists work even better then fictional iraqi mass destruction weapons .
[us] it does nt matter how populated france is if germany uses the euro to undervalue their exchange rate while opposing any form of fiscal transfers .
[us] most people i grew up with will live and die in the county they were born in and probably never have a passport or meet somebody from the czech republic .
[russia] httpen.m.wikipedia.orgwikiukrainiancanadian  in 2011 , there were an estimated 1,209,085 persons of full or partial ukrainian origin residing in canada  httpen.m.wikipedia.orgwikiukrainiansinrussia  the official census in 2010 reported that 1.9 million ukrainians were living in russia  seems like mr poroshenko is nt good at math .
[russia] we own liveleak , we monopolized dash cams  even with footage of meteors falling out the sky  , we are as fucking crazy as you get .
[us] they feel as if that is preventing a general  atomization  and breaking down of the social contract , with their ideal being each person or family isolated and alone with no alternatives to go to for help .
[us] because of these additional biases , reporting news with a conservative slant lowers the quality and truthfulness of news a lot more than reporting with a liberal slant .
[russia] there might well be one or two eu countries where this has happened , though i do nt really see how it could possible  almost invariably , muslim fertility rates are higher , their populations are younger  so fewer deaths and more births  , and they continue to immigrate in large numbers .
[us] nokia and everyone else got caught up marketing to the 10  of people who care about specs and bleeding edge features while apple mopped up the other 90  in the race to put smartphones in people s pockets .
[us] anything related to macedonia , especially them claiming alexander the great  , and b  anything that claims something that is greek is actually not greek .
[us] we are concerned over the statement beginning  we would still ... be taking as our starting point the result of the 2010 general election  .
[russia] if its offensive i would like to apologize , but he states that he wrote a blog , but can not provide proof of that because he is in russia  which implies he is scared for his life , which is fair i guess  , but at the same time he is leaving russia from what i can remember for at least half a year already .
[us] if you care about americans being able to finally learn about ftas and that these things are bad for us too , write them and tell them that blocking posts from public citizen sites is wrong .
[russia] for instance  the west could have pushed for parliamentary elections soon after the deposition of yanukovych , but it did nt , possibly because how things were turning out seemed advantageous at that point  how so
[russia] the 100 thousand people that signed a petition to get texas out of the union may sound like a big number , but that s only 0,3  off the state s population .
[us] but i d just like to point out for the sake of the conversation that this is coming from a turk , unless he s a member of his government , it does nt mean shit whether he government is biased or not .
[us] all those new local , state and national contracts to run schools and hospitals and staff construction projects  multi year contracts will be put up for global bidding .
[us] south korea in the 50s was a country of mediocre rice farmers that had just gone through japanese occupation and a subsequent civil war that left millions dead .
[us] from wiki , what america send to ussr  over 400,000 jeeps and trucks  12,000 armored vehicles  including 7,000 tanks  11,400 aircraft and 1.75 million tons of food .
[us] source   http247wallst.comspecialreport20131015themosteducatedcountriesintheworld2  now obviously degrees do nt necessarily make you intelligent , but i do think you d be surprised at the number of  smart  people you will meet in the us .
[us] the cleavage between rich and poor is pretty big imho so you re saying that the rich women have bigger breasts than the poor women
[us] i appreciate the sentiment and where you re coming from , but i would not be surprised in the slightest if this woman wishes she were dead right now .
[us] and though i m not european , i ve been here for five years , just had a meeting with my doktorvater which makes me consider coming back here early next year for the long haul , and i have a masters in european studies from a danish university .
[us] this is a no brainer and should be required reading for a lot of putinbots who claim that russianchinese gas deals herald a new order .
[us] statebased aid  additional programs run on the state level to help you pay for college  varies by state  and private aid   thousands of nonprofits and organizations give out small grants specifically for college .
[russia] things will calm down eventually , but right now thanks to maidan there is huge destabilization in ukraine , and we ca nt just ignore it .
[russia] russia  ,  unknown  military is invading ukraine so there are only couple important  good  news    400 people were arrested today in moscow and saint peterburg for  antiwar protests   httplenta.runews20140302detained    president s  human rights council is against usage of army   httpwww.presidentsovet.runews5632  in ukraine .
[us] soros made bets like he did with the british pound , but he did nt have a hand in the u.k s bad fiscal policies .
[us] if they send the poor to jail , they really should send those wealthy people who steal to jail  for a proportionately longer time , as they appear to have each stolen far far much more .
[us] they had a problem with venues being so eager to sign them to perform that they did nt really read the rider , which could be a deadly mistake .
[us] if people stop going and disease control is left only in the hands of the local government who do nt have the resources to combat it then things will only get worse .
[us] under the most radical gats defaults  the default is public services must be privatized   httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm  . . countries are literally trapped , they are forced by default to privatize all but a very small number of governmental core functions . .
[us] do nt know why this was downvoted ... this seems like an accurate assessment and you likely know better than the rest of us .
[us] jews , who naturally do not want to be punished for breaking a law they will see as an attack on them and their identity , will therefore not bring their sons to doctors in the country for fear of being thrown in prison or having their kids taken from them .
[us] just because their is a large amount if gun ownership in america does nt mean people are shooting machine guns in the air , since that is illegal .
[russia] author of the video said he see usage of rufed s flag in kazakhstan  instead of flag of kazakhstan  as inappropriate from his point of view   you live here , in kazakhstan , not in rufed   and ask the owner of the flag to remove it and promise to never display it again within kazakhstan .
[russia] now go meta and imagine how much of people who fear political prosecution and ca nt freely speak about politics because they do nt support current state policies managed to overcome their fears to answer political polls honestly or agreed to participate in a poll at all .
[russia] no immoral capitalist pigdog decayed institutions , only glorious motherland post workers and their motto of  life is nice , when you are in no hurry  .
[us] russia is nt a big fan of elections in general unless they are in russia with 100   turnout and putin being the only viable candidate .
[russia] besides many russian companies who used europe for offshore activity are simply in the process of severe degradation or shut down  like yandex  its founder and owner left ceo position few days ago  .
[russia] these republicpuppet buffer states has made their choice more than 20 years ago , when all the other republicbuffer states broke free from evil soviet union , the difference with georgia is that they decided they could get away with getting them back via force , it did nt worked out .
[russia] you know that i m talking about things like i would nt ever take opinion of any of  these people   httpi.imgur.comy0xxio9.jpg  seriously as representation of all people s sentiments , and orchestrated audience s reaction does nt add legitimacy to their words .
[russia] russia was lieddeceived in the past plenty of times or its interest disregarded , under whatever strawmans or technicalities , thus i doubt that modern day russia trusts a word coming out of west mouth .
[us] to support iraqis trying to bridge the sun nishia divide to fight for equality and democracy , including defence of the rights of the christian and yazidikurd minorities .
[us] serbia honors putin  at  military parade  delivers the same information , without the snide implication that the whole thing was one big pr stunt .
[russia] 69 years ago to this day , nazi germany surrendered to the ussr , marking the end of the 2nd world war in europe .
[russia] i feel like abductors were fsb or police  like a friend of mine said  why would you hire criminal amateurs when there are trained professionals available  which come with official coverup
[russia] they say that if we ll listen to them and create a small revolution in russia in the name of freedom and all that s good and democratic and gay  we can live like in 90s again
[us] religion and government are two seprate entities in america that never touch each other  except for those random oaths to a bible or god  .
[us] tisa is the trade in services agreement   note the endorsement of  standstill  and  ratchet  as well as gats here   httpwww.europarl.europa.eusidesgetdoc.dopubref2f2fep2f2ftext2bta2bp7ta201303252b02bdoc2bxml2bv02f2fenamplanguageen  there are short descriptions of  standstill  and  ratchet  here . .  httpwww.hani.co.krartienglisheditionebusiness445656.html clauses prevent s.korea from lowering its level of openness by jung eunjoo   the provisions of the south koreaeuropean union fta  koreu fta  contain  poison pills  hidden in some clauses .
[russia] if in 90s00s russian government has resembled a gang of thugs with their barely legal privatization  commercial activity  now they look more like terrorists with their routine kills on caucasus , jailing random protesters for protesting ,  not invading  ukraine .
[us] and when we do drag in the us , things just get silly because there is nt a country in the world which can even pretend to come close to being able to threaten the combined might of the us and europe .
[us] what happens when two , or especially several european states join together into a single federation to the point where they re all drawn under the same country on the map
[russia] crimea had no autonomy whatsoever after ukraine ditched it s constitution , so  status quo in which crimea enjoys autonomy  is really  status quo in which crimea enjoys the word  autonomous   .
[us] there s only one european country today that s shown an aggressive intent to expand and militarily annex land from other sovereign nations ok ...  the only country which fit your description interesting .
[us] that said , the uk will probably never order enough f35s to fully equip a carrier deck over it s lifetime , much less two .
[russia] how come you think that bulgarians , romanians , baltics or poles are fine , objective and level headed european citizens , but russian want to literally kill everyone
[russia] dmytro yarosh , the head of the nationalist right sector , had been offered a deputy post on the national security  defense council , but has not yet agreed to the terms .
[russia] but with crimea even a huge chunk of the middle class support government as well , probably partially and with a lot of conditions , but putin has the support of the middle class .
[us] were it not for ccpa s , public citizen , tni , and a few other ngos , well written pubs , i would not know this issue existed .
[us] well if it helps any the random serbians that hate america for bombing them are just added to the list of people that hate america .
[us] i respect labor disputes when they have a valid legal claim that the company is doing something wrong , but this does nt seem like a clearcut case of amazon screwing their employees .
[russia] deep sigh  edit  i would not surprised if one day there will be our own  committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice   httpsen.wikipedia.orgwikicommitteeforthepromotionofvirtueandthepreventionofvice  saudiarabia    .
[us] obama s  red lines  have been proven on multiple occasions to be worthless , which only encourages military adventurism by those who want to change by force the world order that we ve created .
[us] based on projected job displacement in one of the studies of 0.4  1.1 million , our rough  and conservative  calculation suggests implied costs of  5   14 billion for unemployment benefits , excluding costs for retraining and skillsacquisition .
[russia] your statement is not out of realm of possibility , but in 4 min youtube video professor talks about european union falling apart as a goal of russian foreign policy , not russia .
[us] georgia the british colony was named for king george ii of england , who was named in honor of st. george , the patron saint of england , among other nations .
[us] and unlike immigrants , who strategically move to countries where attitudes toward innovators are already positive , returnees tend to possess the emotional resolve to bear the costs of disrupting socioeconomic systems that are characterized by a strong immunity to change .
[russia] i m halfukrainian , not sure if it counts , i still have their passport and still know how to speak ukrainian  albeit i am slowly slipping as i only use russian these days  and english  .
[russia] there are nt really any other good mountains in russia  unless you want to travel all the way to eastern siberia , much more scarcely populated than sochi  .
[us] i do nt how how putin manages to pull off this orthodox dominionism bs while he has an army full of muslims , but i suspect that when it fails it ll fail badly .
[russia] where did i said that , please show me caz for the love of god , i could not find anything like that in my previous comment .
[us] i get what you are saying , and perhaps it is different in your country , but i am not paying extra by using my credit card .
[russia] the girl with the dragon tattoo   arn  tempelriddaren   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett0837106   sweden  the pianist   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett0253474   ukfrancepoland  germany and of course  vikings   httpwww.imdb.comtitlett2306299  tv series  ireland  canada  .
[russia] today i overheard conversation about  uprising against kremlin fascists   in a bank , in relatively rich moscow region , just few kilometers away from kremlin .
[us] as to your claims about illegals in the us and murder rates , i m pretty sure you ve never been to the us if you are making these claims .
[russia] it seems the  banker  hit our president right into his most vulnerable spot  where even judo could nt help him  his legendary 200b offshore  wallet    nato commander said  there is very low chance for russia to invade eastern ukraine   httptop.rbc.rupolitics06052014922105.shtml  , however  nato did not see russian troops moving away   httptop.rbc.rupolitics06052014922105.shtml  from the border despite putin declared troops were moved   elon musk  has started court case to prohibit access to us market for russian space agency   httptop.rbc.rueconomics05052014921852.shtml  because it s being managed by sanctioned rogozin   said rogozin visited transistria and provoked  scandal with romania   httpwww.dw.deromaniademandsexplanationoverrussianthreata17627761  after they ve prohibited entry for his plane  this clown  a.k.a.
[russia] you argument would be more accurate if you avoided stuff like   literally every single country  , but then again , it would require balanced approach , avoidance of labeling people and generally more mature way of communication .
[russia] i do nt know about finnougric minorities in russia , but for example tatars or north caucasian minorities are nt any close to  disappearing  or  being russificated  .
[us] gats , tisa , tpp main intent is a one way privatization of public services and elimination of a government model that attempts to lower prices , isolating citizens when they most need help , when they are sick . . what they do is a covert undermining of global social contract , globally , exactly the time when a social safety net is most needed .
[us] you re probably too old to have been taught it in school , but do you know how the usnato bombing of yugoslavia is taught
[russia] i feel bad for ukraine , which is currently being torn apart by what i think are minorities from both prowestern and prorussian sides , but in a way its their own fault .
[russia] we are both nationalistic , white  although this is changing in both our countries as our ethnicities mix together  and look after our own interests without regard to the thoughts of others .
[us] politicians pretend this is nt the case because they want to be able to promise things which unfortunately , isds makes it so they can not deliver .
[russia] i was misled to   think   believe that op did nt want to discuss art , but to explain why renaming a town back to stalingrad is a bad idea .
[us] this   httpwww.theamericaninterest.comblog20141002germantroopsstrandedinafghanistan  is why germany needs to start considering that if it wants to be taken seriously , it itself has to start taking seriously that power  economic  military .
[russia] personally , i prefer nukes , safer and scary enough so no one would want to fuck with each other , as long as mutual assured destruction is guaranteed .
[us] reddit is helping me understand so many perspectives on a variety of topics that i now never assume that someone is wrong , i try to question my own views based on the evidence i can get .
[us] there are even jobs that i know of personally  us south , engineering field  that will pay off student debt 100  as a signing bonus .
[russia] but that would probably be around mid century , when number of problems we currently have will increase tenfold and people wo nt be able to get clean water , food , energy and so on .
[russia] as if discussing ukraine was proukraine , as if there was a legitimate anti  insert any european country  position in light of foreign aggression against it .
[russia] sure it would be too naive to say all of them are kremlin bots , but given that there are so much evidence of proputin astroturfing a lot of them must be .
[us] which situation do you think would be best for europe , and which situation would be best for the us in terms of negotiation power
[us] i understand that in germany they may not offer these sorts of perks with credit cards , but i m sure you ll see it within the next decade .
[russia] it s such a weird thing when your country ca nt stop shellings from the territory they re guarding but they can go a few miles further with its army a and kick the georgian army around do nt you think .
[us] we also spend that money because europe is one of the largest beacons of democratic ideals , and we want to ensure that it does nt fall to autocrats like putin and formerly to the ussr .
[russia] the ethnic composition of the richest citizens of russia   nationality  number in the list  billions of     in the list   of the population           russians  89  165,0  44,5  80,90 jews  42  122,3  21,0  0,11 ukrainans  24  70,4  12,0  1,41
[us] by 2020 , the continent s digital sector alone will be short 900,000 professionals , whereas the dynamic german economy will experience a shortage of one million workers skilled in science , engineering , mathematics , and technology .
[russia] no reasons are good enough to be butthurt because of events that occurred long before your birth  i m assuming you re young  , but hey , it s the internet , let s get on with xenophobic frenzy , it s all in good jest .
[us] thatcher was getting ready to leave the falklands hanging in the wind until leach talked her down  going against secretary nott s recommendations , i might add  .
[russia] in free world , you do not vote surrounded by foreign tanks and armed military personel who expect you to select for their favor .
[us] however , race has been a major factor in ones societal standing in the united states throughout its history and continues to be so today .
[russia] it was a consequence of several factors  drought , bad planning , collectivisation efforts and peasants resisting it  often by burning crops and slaughtering cattle just to prevent communists from making it public property  .
[russia] i do nt know how many russians on reddit there is , but this is pretty much the same as russians in rdota2 , vocal idiots are easily noticed , people who are not interested in flame war just behave and try to blend in .
[russia] i watched that youtube channel before and it was a channel mostly about prowikileaks , criticism of existing politicians and political institutions , and other standard leftist stuff like that .
[russia] i highly doubt that i am somehow more intelligent than people in charge of these astroturfers , after all , they probably are connected to intelligence services and various think tank groups , to spread  correct version of events  .
[us] i m not much of an armchair general , but the distance between eu nato countries and russia is a lot less than that between the us and russia well ...  yes and no .
[russia] does anyone aware of the policy of renouncing russian identity conducted by bolsheviks in order to cripple imperialistic   tsarist russia  ideology of the russian empire
[russia] this is kinda humiliating , but i hated renting out a place even more than paying crazy  for the loan since renting means basically flushing money down the drain .
[russia] on a side note , eu and nato geography quite differs from russian one , ukraine is as close as it gets to russia , so no wonder we are kind a concerned .
[us] usa promises to protect them and they are going to war alongside south koreans and any other countries they can convince to come along .
[russia] if you need another example  there is a story about some russian dude , who prevented ww3 due to radar being malfunctioned or smtn .
[us] i do nt think it was from being probush , just the overwhelming hard on they got at the thought of a major war after so many years .
[us] it s controversial to you as a ukrainian , the rest of the world is turning their backs on the whole thing at this point , there is barely any talk even of the donbass in western media at this point .
[russia] it has been my longheld opinion that it would have been better to give kaliningrad and part of east germany to the jews , postwar .
[russia] where are you from , pick a flair please , so i could understand with whom i am trying to engage in a conversation , but feel more and more like a conversation between and blind and a deaf man .
[russia] so they ve taken land that has never been their and proclaimed independence , while russia stayed to pay soviet debts and to fight for integrity of the country in caucasus .
[us] i m not an apologist for fossil fuels  i think that we need to move away from them  but life in general was much more dangerous 50 years ago when millions smoked without thinking it was bad for you , driving without seatbelts or airbags , throwing your sewage into the rivers untreated , etc.
[us] he said   it s disappointing to see that 18 countries have managed to reduce levels of child poverty during that difficult economic period and the uk has seen it get worse .
[russia] whether these errors and distortions on adomanis  part are intentional or simply a lack of time or reading comprehension , they do not inspire confidence .
[us] keeping the price low is the best way to do it as their oil is dirt cheap for them to get and they can make up the shortfall in volume .
[us] losing sovereignty and having heads of state scold you from their supposed moral high ground while having zero control over your fiscal policy dooms countries to failure .
[us] i did nt say that it was , it s just annoying having accounts that are just for posting anti islam and flat out racist posts  g0dblessadolfthitler  or accounts for posting news thst supports xenophobia  europeforeuropeans  .
[russia] for me personally , if you are an official , you are responsible for your actions and words , ukrainian officials left an impression of  spoiled teenagers   we can say whatever we want on the international stage and we would not be held accountable for that .
[us] there is also a pesky issue with solar storms which may cause multiple nuclear meltdowns httpswww.nirs.orgreactorwatchnatureandnukespetrulemaking262011.pdf basically , transformers used to connect parts of the grid would blow up and it takes years to rebuild them . .
[us] the us is not nearly as accepting of jews as people push it on reddit , i have no clue why our government gives them billions .
[russia] and why should i move to a country which is practically a war zone and the rest of its territory can be annexed by russia any day
[russia] when millions died from diseases , poverty and loss of idealseverything they worked , hoped for  west watched and was glad to provide assistance in sheltering stolen money , selling properties , establishing offshore companies and all the other shit .
[us] we did not give enough aid to help the moderate rebels actually win , but we gave them enough that when they lost to isis , the material that isis took from them was significant .
[us] i have people in europe telling me that they think that russia is the most powerful country in the world  even though the united states spends a little less than half of the equivalent of russia s nominal gdp on defense every year , for example .
[russia] however you completely disregard the other side of the story , thus when you choose a certain viewpointworldview , you completely ignore possibilities or anything that does not fit the narrative .
[us] i suspect that they are doing this in order to pass ireland of as being antisemetic , which  the only reason they would do this is so that they can relieve the pressure exerted by ireland to have both an israeli and palestinian state .
[russia] for every sane and adequate person to oppose putin we have a dozen of these morons who only spit hate and make normal opposition look like angry teenagers .
[us] likewise , we can look at the situation from the other side  say that iranians were forbidden from criticizing hamas or supporting isreali action , based on the action of israeli military  i am unaware of actual iranian rights , suffice to say we should aspire to exceed them  .
[russia] russia will continue suffer economically , population will get angrier by the day , after some time its a fair game  for example , there could be  ukrainian nationalistshomofascist terror acts  , which usually works as a red rag for angry people .
[us] isds  investor state dispute settlement  really controversial  superrights  for corporations that supersede national laws whenever they adversely effect the economic interests of corporations , the countries , and their taxpayers must now pay
[us] us military assets in europe are a pale shadow of their former selves  unsurprising , as it costs the us taxpayer something like 5 times as much money to have personnel stationed in , say , germany over someplace like texas .
[us] this underlines the fact that this secretive deal is a massive danger to our nhs , and threatens to make the tory s selloff irreversible .
[us] for example , dr laura freberg , a renowned science professor at calpoly , revealed that her students knew she was a conservative when she had never once introduced politics into the classroom .
[russia] maybe the reason is right here   russian is also the most used language in several countries that belonged to the soviet union  79.0  in ukraine , 86.9  in belarus , 84.0  in kazakhstan , 79.6  in uzbekistan , 75.9  in kyrgyzstan and 81.8  in tajikistan .
[us] i can see some countries where investors really do need very strong protections against expropriation if they have indeed invested a very large amount of money in building some kind of physical infrastructure .
[us] if the struggles of lithuanian , latvian , and estonian nationalists against the reimposition of soviet power are regarded as resistance to deportations , which in some measure they were , another hundred thousand or so people would have to be added to the total dead associated with ethnic cleansing .
[us] 48 f16 block 52 , jassm long range low observable cruise missiles , 128 or so mark 4a leopards from germany , plans for 128 mark 5s , plans for a french or us sam system , plans for either tranche 3b eurofighter typhoons or f35s , two extremely capable aircraft .
[us] it s probably the number two currency in the world , all things considered , but the differences between the dollar and the euro for me do nt add up to concluding what you did .
[us] irish water s head of communications , elizabeth arnett , has made various media appearances to assure us that our personal data is safe with them , and that there will be no privatisation .
[us] in open fields away from everyone where everyone carries flags high over their head so you know exactly where they are from and who they fight for
[russia] the only way for him to stay alive without losing money is to create dictatorship with military discipline while maintaining popularity among lower ranks of bureaucrats  for protection from highranking bureaucrats  .
[russia] i have been a residentlurker for this subreddit for 612 months all i have seen even  before ukrainian crisis  was blatant propaganda and russophobia everywhere .
[russia] i sense that from your perspective we need to stop whatever we re doing , fall on the knees and start crying and ask for forgiveness and give anything you like to you .
[us] especially given attrition  not all of them will make it there without a mechanical failure  and russia getting around the skintoskin problems the us has had by not giving a shit about using nuclear warheads in proximity to the incomings .
[russia] it s funny you ve mentioned productivity because its level in russia is   2550  of european   httpsputnikipogrom.comwpcontentuploads20131020131002045704.png    source   httpsputnikipogrom.comrussia5207workforceproductivity   1   httpsputnikipogrom.comrussia8022hardwork   , 60  at best  depending on tradeindustry  .
[us] third off   the united states is the one who responded to the great recession with quantitative easing , and it was europe who responded with strict austerity .
[russia] nikon has also managed to survive by iterating their cameras , and now it is flailing around , doing stupid things like   banning gaysbuilding walls   trying to diversify into medical equipment because their old strategy has run out of steam .
[us] it weirded me out so much , once i realized at the end of the night  and that he was crazy  , i just kind of want to leave .
[us] canadians who try and assert how different they are remind of two teenage twin girls where one stomps her feet and tries to tell everyone how unique she is because she listens to christina aguilera instead of britney spears  by the way , is that an old example or are those broads still popular   .
[us] so , highspeed rail in the uk is still considerably behind what france and germany have been doing , and there s still no train going directly to edinburgh airport  you have to take a bus from haymarket , waverley , or inverkeithing , generally adding another half hour or so to your journey  .
[us] there is no documentation of this agreement  at all  and the ussr and the us were nt exactly trusting of each other to the extent they d let such a thing be spoken and not written .
[russia] but people somehow forget that ukraine is unique , because we gave away one of the largest stockpiles of nuclear weapons in the world in exchange for some vague security guarantees .
[us] so , health care in the usa is not locked up in privatization as they say , because the people have never and would never agree , we ve been  promised single payer is right around the corner   httpwww.lasvegassun.comnews2013aug10reidsaysobamacarejuststeptowardeventualsing  , even as they work  behind closed doors   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv2ppqnbxpa4  to cut off any hope of it .
[us] also   denying them the ability to control their air space  is not remotely the same thing as  choosing not to fly there   that s the mechanism  by saying the air space is still in ukrainian control , they prevent a great number of planes from flying there .
[russia] i have nt been allowed into srs as of a approximately ago , so clearly you must be telling something less than the truth .
[russia] the exchange that you linked  i do nt agree with either of you two  , the fact that you used a statement by someone who is obviously an extremist to prove your point , and completely ignored the fact that there are also pockets of nationalistic hatred similar to your example , except towards russia , in ukraine , poland , latvia , lithuania , estonia lead me to believe that you re not exactly  neutral  yourself .
[russia] there is plenty of bullshit from both sides , stupid decisions and  overloading  people s minds with propaganda related materials , in circumstances like this referendums have dire consequences for the loosing side with possibility of civil unrest being  quite high  .
[us] guaranteed that 90  of germans on the highway are driving around with google location services enabled on their smartphone and do nt even think twice about it .
[russia] an allout war will result either in ukraine s surrender , so putin can negotiate what he wants and finish the conflict , or in a revolution and putin s demise , so we can blame everything on him and make peace .
[russia] upa was shortlived , genocide of poles and jews was something that it did throughout pretty much its entire existence , without ever renouncing it .
[russia] it s not because of the law you now have a nazi rule , it s because of the fact that started with a premise of dealing with corruption your new revolutionaries always had a nationalistic agenda in mind , and only that .
[russia] the logic behind it is nt such an enigma  there were strong evidences of ambitions of nationalistic threat against prorussian people  it s like saying  there are possible maybe antiamerican terrorists in this middle east country   , so we were there to prevent it .
[us] not saying that this invalidates sweden s success in any way , but it does show that there is nt a universal path to national wealth .
[us] i doubt we could even accurately predict what the world will look like in even 100 years  let alone 500 or 1000  in regards to human cultural identity , the way the internet has broken down the traditional defining lines of geography and time .
[us] i think it s easy to make the argument that hawaii and wisconsin in 1959 were as far apart as any two eu nations are now , so i think the comparison is fair .
[us] european universities are unlike american ones in that they are nt likely to care about what classes you took , and the fact that you had an internship likely wo nt hold much weight , either .
[russia] i ve been frequenting russianspeaking websites  read  shared by russians , belarussians , ukrainians , and other nationalities of the former ussr  , and the amount of shit  lies , propaganda , speculations , conspiracy theories  from both the ukrainian and russian sides are astronomical .
[russia] that was a reason along with a hot weather  30 35  c iirc  why some kids tried to drink their own urine and sweat etc.
[russia] allegedly there were not enough time in dmitry kiselev s 134 minutes long weekly news summary on a state owned tv channel with the biggest audience to tell anything about that moscow subway train accident .
[russia] at the time of this video , people on the ground who filmed this exact video , had no idea that this was a civilian plane of malaysian airlines , they thought it was  another military plane  .
[russia] other than the general antiimmigrant crowd , there is a lot of them in the us  in russia there is a growing antiimmigrant movement too , but it only applies to asians .
[russia] there is no need for  yugoslavian situation  since russian federation has its own  much better   ussrian situation  which made everyone happy and went without any major conflicts .
[russia] if you try to say that the sacrifice of stalin s industrialisation is what saved the ussr during wwii and by extension saved europe , they will say that ussr is evil no matter the net positive , or the net positive of industrialisation , modernisation and education of the soviet days .
[russia] in a way russia might become more like authoritarian china with  great russia firewall  , far less cooperation with west on any issues and  a bit  chilly relations , but a lot of it would depend on sanctions for this and possible further incidents .
[russia] it s in the language , it s in the focus they choose , it s in what they choose to ignore , it s in what they repeat , it s in the reliability of their sources  such as the embarrassing dependence on social media  , it s in the ideologies they write from .
[us] russia s elite was and is still very sore about this , and at the end the russian policymaker ominously said that there will be a price for doing this  this was made in 2011  .
[us] now maybe it was our influence , or i was just lucky to rent into some fellow alchies , but we booze it up .
[us] loss of local government and rate payer control  if the u.s. commits water under the wto gats talks , munic  ipalities would loose the ability to decide how to provide water services .
[us] we americans were given a pile of crap that in effect promised that if we elected obama and supported his privatization efforts ,  we would eventually get single payer   httpsencrypted.google.comsearchq22steppingstonetosinglepayer22ampieutf8ampoeutf8  public health care .
[russia] i do nt think i have proposed anywhere to invade everyone around us and conquer the world , nor any sane russian would propose such thing , we are peaceful people and only get violent if you try to fuck with us .
[us] jobs  exchange them , for access for their exporters to the huge markets in the developing countries   where all the growth will be in their model of the future  .
[us] you re not going to launch a huge wave of tactical nukes like you would icbms , as there s no point , since that s the whole point of icbms .
[us] i remember russia bragging about it as a way to tell eu to fuck off and acting like they have allies all over the world .
[russia] typically contracts that are written up before such events do nt get torn apart unless the situation is particularly dire , it is bad for a country to hurt business with its geopolitics .
[russia] journalists called to the phone number in leonid s wife profile , she confirmed that he is ok , and even passed the phone to a man , who said that he is leonid , and has no idea about rumors about his death .
[us] i d say the bigger issue is addressing and removing superpacs and preventing corporations from making direct donations to politicians without disclosing their donors .
[russia] all you can do is try to make it sound as if language policies of estonia are more important issues to deal with u wot
[russia] it s helping the ukranian people maintain their voice , maintain their say in government so it does nt end up like another bullshit authoritarian dictatorship under russia s sphere of influence .
[russia] putin s main interest is his own survival i guess , so in a sense of self preservation he would continue to defend russian interests around the world .
[russia] httpru.tsn.uapolitikamoskalopublikovaldokumentysfamiliyamiotvetstvennyhzarasstrelylyudeynamaydane351009.html  february 24  makhnitsky talks about plans of investigators , about ballistic expertise , that crime scene was explored , where the shells were found , cctv video are being gathered , etc.
[us] its true , the point they close with about the ideological agenda that the ftas try to lock in forever , is the most important thing that can be said  and it needs to be explained explicitly .
[russia] if you call the election of a corrupt oligarch who was had the same role to play as tymoschenko , yanukovych , and the other corrupt leaders , and the ongoing civil war in the east of ukraine a victory for human rights and democracy , i do nt know what to say .
[russia] you know , that s maybe why people think russians are paranoid and inclined to conspiracy theories despite me repeatedly noting that you re just creating strawman arguments , you re still at it , huh
[russia] because i know russians have evacuate nearly 20k people from south ossetia 2 weeks prior to august war  process ended in the beginning of august  around august , 3  .
[us] many of the catalan nationalist parties in the early 20th century exposed federalist state models that granted more powers to catalonia , but the calls for independence were most definitely a minority .
[russia] on the issue of a citizen of sovereign country i agree , but it could be anything from fuckups at local level , to similarity with  razvozhaev  case in kiev to  extrajudicial renditions  and so on  this is spy games  to an extent  , we do nt know enough details except crossborder fact  .
[us] i do nt care either way about this issue , but people who pretend to care about human rights when really they just want penises to look a certain way annoy me .
[us] i ve been saying it for a while now , but you ca nt rest on shortterm success and expect it to continue forever .
[us] the removal of old elites has not started yet , but that s the next logical step this part is extremely chilling and reflects power consolidation in many previous regimes throughout history .
[russia] this is my personal opinion , but i think russian mental health was heavily damaged during perestroikashock therapy and quite a number of our compatriots have a  mess in their heads  .
[russia] the first vector was a struggle with the horde in alliance with europe  the second , a struggle with europe in alliance with the horde .
[russia] i heard only speculations that the kerch strait is too wavy to build a pontoon bridge , or maybe that s because of flow .
[us] point is , they did nt commit hate crimes , and when they did attack people , there were nt people like you defending them .
[russia] although , if you consider that as another step of  flushing  crimea and other regions of ukraine down the toilet  the decision becomes understandable .
[russia] edit 2  now there are articles how  dead soldiers of rufed s army are being fired retroactively and their families do not receive any benefits   httptop.rbc.rusociety26082014945059.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem4   it seems there is severe pressure on families to lie about causes of deaths  links above  .
[russia] i think it started at the end of january and went full retard after february events when russians started to sympathize with maidan protesters more openly .
[russia] poroshenko has made a long list of proven lies about ukrainian military accomplishments , why not add the destruction of a phantom russian armored column to top it off
[russia] false equivalence is a logical fallacy which describes a situation where there is a logical and apparent equivalence , but when in fact there is none .
[russia] notice how the russian population declined in  10 years from 1989 , i d expect it to follow a similar pattern from 2001 to 2014 , probably even more considering that the russian economy began to gather steam since 2001 and a great deal of russians from krim migrated to russia in search of work .
[us] to be fair , all the people i ve known to go through this have said that other than making you uncomfortable with the questions , it s not difficult to pass if you are nt lying .
[us] it is nt even a member of nato , because its little constitution says it ca nt join a military alliance , though its sure that austria enjoys basically all of the benefits of nato membership .
[russia] it seems russian students  unlike government  can not tolerate idiots among them   last week news  i ve forgot to publish  boris kolesnikov , generalmajor of anticorruption police department  felt out of window   httptop.rbc.ruincidents16062014930426.shtml   or more like was thrown out  and died after attempt to investigate corruption in fsb   the very same  non corrupted  fsb has detained crimeanukrainian movie maker and political activist oleg sentsov and his  terrorist  accusation is so blatantly made up  even prokremlin  nikita mikhalkov   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikinikitamikhalkov  is  asking to release him   httpwww.bfm.runews263263    commonwealth of independent states  cis  , postussr quasicountry has silently died after russia , kazakhstan , belarus has created  eurasian  customs union  cu ,  see you     ukraine , georgia , moldova has signed association agreement with eu   httptop.rbc.rueconomics27062014933117.shtml  .
[russia] edit  just to clarify my position  personally , i believe it was a russian vessel , but i m a conspiratard hence my opinion is irrelevant .
[us] in europe , a country has historically had a common identity , where language , ethnicity , culture , and nationhood were all one in the same .
[russia] i ll just leave you with this , because you re obviously too invested in your point of view to bother much else with .
[russia] the fact is , this is a theatre of military activity occupied by our , let s say , partners in the rebel movement , with which our cooperation is somewhat conditional ,  he said .
[us] otherwise i ll have to talk to people in public , and that will already annoy finns so i might get stabbed or something by then insulting them .
[us] again , mearsheimer is not saying that the eu would necessarily begin to actually  have  problems , but that europe would suddenly have to go to great lengths in order to secure to the best of europe s ability a state of bankable stability .
[us] often people are literally unconscious so there is nothing that they can say or do to prevent these huge sudden extra bills . .  after surgery , surprise  117,000 medical bill from doctor he did nt know  nytimes.com   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.html   another horror story  modern healthcare  underinsured aca enrollees strain community health centers   httpwww.modernhealthcare.comarticle20140925news309259947underinsuredacaenrolleesstraincommunityhealthcenters  obamacare enrollees are straining the finances of community health centers around the country , some health center leaders say .
[russia] frankly speaking , he is talking out of his ass , because full list of all journalists killed in russia is kind of available on teh internets , and it s nowhere close to  triple digits  .
[us] this demonstrates very clearly how the bbc appears to be acting as a worrying brake on democratic change  i believe they are failing to grasp that the future of politics does nt look like the past .
[us] he s the type of person who believes that the west is the most evil and vile thing in the world , even though he d be shot instantly on entry into any  eastern  country .
[us] and then since everyone speaks english and there s free travel between states , it s not like each has a unique culture or identity in the same way countries do .
[russia] escpecially since eurovision will be aired on the state rossiya 1 channel , owned by a man who called to  burn and bury hearts of gays  .
[us] i ve never seen any of these comparison posts that favor the u.s. vs. europe , they are always some statistic or something that is better in europe .
[russia] american military advisers and politicians are involved in ukraine conflict as well , but it does nt mean that usa is fighting in donbass .
[russia] a vocal group of liberal progressives in the ussr supported it as well , many intellectuals at the time thought it was a good idea .
[us] it s also extremely unlikely that a couple who could afford a surrogacy pregnancy can only afford one child , unless we re talking about government subsidized surrogacy .
[us] yeah , french nationalism was a topdown affair created by the state as it centralized , like the opposite of german nationalism which was a bottomup affair of the bourgeois  who were interested most in a common market  and intellectuals who promoted a german identity over regional identity and allegiances  and which bismark managed to coopt brilliantly  .
[russia] there are a lot of linguistic features in these graffiti that we still use in the ukrainian language and in general ,  in slavic languages except russian .
[us] europeans should be aware that the obama administration got elected by hiding this neoliberal agenda and almost no americans know about that neoliberal agenda or the three pending us ftas at all
[russia] although judging by wave of  patriotism  with regards to recent events in runet , it makes you wonder about grandeur delusion of our citizens and  elites  .
[russia] i agree that initial sanctions were pretty mild  slap on the wrist of putin inner circle  , but the ones which followed the suit are quite different from those .
[russia] the sad part is no matter of our political beliefs we have ho say in the current policies , no matter if you talk about a concert or a war .
[us] in other news   respublika party announces agreement on new kyrgyz coalition   httpwww.rferl.orgcontentkyrgyzstancoalition2249244.html  edit  the  aj piece   httpwww.aljazeera.comnewseurope201410thousandsattendarmeniaoppositionrally20141010172956457218.html  on protesters in yerevan seems appropriate too .
[us] i do nt think this would be the case for europe , most of the fucked up places in the world are because of their imperialism and i think the greatest thing that has happened because of american hegonmy is the containment of european powers , they ve already fucked up the world once and if let loose or be one powerful would do it again .
[us] in a related development , the obama administration is funding nonofficial arms control talks with russia through a washington thinktank that are aimed at curbing u.s. tactical nuclear arms in europe .
[us] he was sent into the city to put it down and he and his friends just threw their guns into the crowd and joined them .
[us] but also , imo , many of the settlers are living where they are illegally , and really should not be there in the first place .
[us] true and that s a factor i did not consider but the american chap up there and his post makes it seem like the eu states are sharpening sticks in comparison to the great danger that is russia .
[russia] then there is cuba , still doing the best for its region and historical circumstances despite sustained direct and indirect hostilities from a neighboring super power .
[us] however , that issue is surely only one small piece of the pie , and you somehow talk about it like its a panacea .
[russia] i also think that because poland was so long under russian rule and wanted to break free etc , your elites actually care about your country and its future and judging by how poland treads on world stage your hatred for russia and desire to prove the world that poland is stronk helps you implement correct measures and not become a third world country .
[us] from   directives for the negotiation on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership between the european union and the united states of america   httpdata.consilium.europa.eudocdocumentst111032013dcl1enpdf i m having a little bit of trouble getting the numbers to not  renumber  in my browser , so i need to attempt to get the correct formatting if it renumbers to anything else , this is sections 1521  trade in services and establishment   15 .
[us] how is this politician able to afford to reserve all these convention floors , get so many tv spots  arrange transportation for his staff , not to mention provide their salaries
[us] iirc , the percentage of anglicans in ireland is on the rise for the first time in centuries precisely because of nigerian immigrants joining the church of ireland .
[us] i do nt think that europe can always assume the us will be there  in the blink of an eye  after thirty years or so .
[us] it found that     costs of unemployment , including long term unemployment , might be substantial , especially during the 10 year transition period of ttip .
[russia] i m sorry for  quoting wiki   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikirussiae28093georgiawar  again , but   however , no conclusive evidence was presented by georgia or its western supporters that russia was invading the country before the georgian attack , according to the new york times .
[us] i do nt quite ... agree with it personally ... in the context of  countries  with national or state divisions , but  i understand it  .
[russia] just like it happened with whole rufed during privatization 20 years ago when politburo and their pocket oligarchs became the owners of gazprom , lukoil , railroads , aeroflot and other  natural monopolies  while population was distracted with vouchers .
[us] that said , i know that those sorts of games are nt the type where the real crazy fans and chants come out , so i m not going to judge an entire country based on that one experience .
[us] wow , news just came out that the us and partner nations have deployed fighters to syria and have made bomb strikes within syria .
[russia] well , crimea was surprising to be honest  but i guess if we had intelligence daily reports like world leaders have , we could saw it coming ... perhaps  , everything else was fairly predictable and  logical in its own twisted way  .
[us] your definition of alignment seems a bit skewed , but i do nt want to stop you from living in that imaginary world of yours .
[russia] it happens because police in rufed is used mostly as method of crowd control and social security service for people who can not find good work  rather than a service to fight crime .
[us] i mean , take a look at the following video , from afghanistan , where the german government awarded american soldiers a very high german award   u.s.
[us] if the jews of israel had murdered all the arabs in the villages they had captured during the war of independence  like the arabs did to gush etzion  , would you have said that was justified
[russia] certainly russia did nt spend billions lobbying for this kind of collapse of civil order , but i know you will find plenty of eu and nato involvement .
[russia] i was nt sure what was meant by oppression , i thought closest thing that could be stereotyped was this definition   mental pressure or distress .
[russia] the west has committed crimes , yes  they will be addressed , analysed and dealt with going forward  as opposed to many other cultures , we do face our failures  , where s the french apology for vietnam
[us] they can certainly strike if they want , but it will hurt the image of german business practices in the eyes of amazon corporate .
[us] europe s economy  the world s biggest economic problem  oct  14    httpwww.economist.comnewsleaders21627620deflationeurozonealltoocloseandextremelydangerousworldsbiggesteconomiczid307ampah5e80419d1bc9821ebe173f4f0f060a07  or just the  general section on europe from the economist   httpwww.economist.comsectionseuropepage1  yeah , it s bleak .
[russia] the law was nt even important for crimea , that has its own constitution that grants special status to crimean tatar and russian languages .
[us] on the other hand , they are cool about letting you use one account per household , so i split my prime account with my roommates to save money .
[russia] let s see ... free medicine , free education , social guarantees , fairly advanced science and technology that was able to compete with the only country in the world that actually won wwii .
[us] oh yes , i was saying that i , wrongly , assumed prices where you are would be more than prices here in hawaii .
[us] however by making the distinction you enable people to make the argument  well this mutilation is nt as bad as that one , so it s totally ok  .
[russia] you re not even ethnically  nordic  , i know ethnicity is nt the trump card since this is nt the 1940s , but still , it s kinda funny to see a finn so full of  nordic  pride , kinda like the old  esti can not into nordic  polandball meme .
[russia] he does nt say them for the russians  because its usually the popular opinion anyways  , but he says it to those that do nt hear anything else but their own everyday propaganda .
[russia] a little remark  not to blame media  last days many ukrainian media  even major tv channels  translate rumors from the internet , does not bothering simple fact checking .
[us] i have no say in domestic politics , but i definitely have a preference for this because it potentially impacts my nation s strategic posture in the future .
[russia] if i were european bureaucrat at the moment i d start investigations against those who confirmed version of rufed how government has moved 150  tanks to georgian border and evacuated nearly 20k ossetians 2 weeks prior to the war  without intention to invade georgia
[russia] generalplan ost   27 million people dead  a lot of military casualties ofc , but mortality rate of captivities is a thing of its own    russians  co move to germany , like it there and keep low profile   only holocaust exist in media coverage anywhere in western world .
[russia] money owed to the company  up to 2 million , tens won courts , nobody pays  okay , one company pays like 100200 rub in 3 months  .
[russia] well , the real bastard surnames in russia were commonly shortened original surnames or anagrams , so a son of putin would be called utin or tupin .
[russia] on the ground of evidence , the verkhovna rada of ukraine shall , by at least twothirds of its constitutional membership , adopt a decision to bring charges against the president of ukraine .
[russia] if you would remember arab spring even united states initially claimed quite a neutral position and backed  revolution  only after significant violence broke out and some  stuff happened here and there  .
[russia] member of the ukrainian farright ukrainian paramilitary organization the stepan bandera allukrainian organization  tryzub  , friend of the leader of the rightwing right sector organization which played a significant role in the 2014 ukrainian revolution dmytro yarosh .
[us] but than again , one could say the british flag  many other european flags ar nt exactly ... ugh ...  representative  of freedom  progress given some of the  long  periods they were flown through .
[russia] fucking grow up if you think you can get away with saying some other nations have it worse , that s childish and petty whataboutism .
[russia] every comment thread is a  fuck russiarussians  thread and just saying something with a russian flair without prefacing it with  i hate putin , russia sucks and i am deeply sorry for the mh17 civvies i personally killed  gets ya downvotes .
[russia] we lack national identity , we lack directions in which we want to go , we lack motivation to do anything meaningful or strive for any efficiency whatsoever , after all  we live from oil and gas revenue mostly .
[us] the point being , the lack of a peace treaty is in part  not entirely  the fault of external neighbors influencing the two parties to make a deal .
[russia] it means the same now , please do nt do anything stupid like unleash your nazis from right sectorsvoboda killing russian civilians or terrorize them into forcing doing what you want , thanks
[russia] however , since this is  reurope , apparently some people think that russia has the mark of satan and everything we do is  le  terally hitler , even if it is something that happens literally in every nation .
[russia] estimates regarding the rape of soviet women by the wehrmacht reached up to 10,000,000 cases , with between 750,000 and 1,000,000 children born as a result .
[us] my dad never thought that he would live to see the country he left as a refugee become free again , much less see the total collapse of the soviet system .
[russia] do you not believe russian military men can steal industrial equipment  point out the part of my sentence where i mentioned the equipment being stolen .
[us] there are russian nationalists too though , there are lots of books printed in russia that read like propaganda against the ukrainians , portraying them as subhumans .
[russia] especially  posts where random people and cars are being searched without any particular reason  2  same  police post  suddenly appeared in ussr in the end of 80s on the border between abkhazia and russia .
[us] japan is launching new carriers and submarines , south korea , japan , and australia are modernizing their air forces with f35s , india is developing the pakfa with russia , and even vietnam is purchasing kilo attack subs .
[us] you dont explain what a  standstill  clause in an fta means or how it blocks any and all new services and you do nt mention ratchet  how that forces the incremental privatization of all public services whenever even the tiniest part becomes privatized  that country s entire market segment is eventually forced to privatize .
[russia] sorry for the rumors  with awful  quality  of russian news sources there is informational vacuum and it s barely possible to differ actual news from rumors and vice versa .
[russia] total fertility rate is the average number of children that would be born to a woman over her lifetime if she were to experience the exact current agespecific fertility rates through her lifetime , and she were to survive from birth through the end of her reproductive life  mortality rate and changes in age structure are ignored  .
[us] what s funny is the us had a pretty big progressive movement during the cold war but it was pretty much shouted down in the 70 s by the establishment .
[russia] there are  10 new huge buildings are being constructed in 1km range of my home , still apartments are insanely expensive for locals  half of berlin prices , with 18 of berlin salaries and 1315  mortgage  .
[russia] visa free volatile region is the best possible medium for terrorism while russia itself has limited amount of tourists most of whom already can visit sochi , anapa , gelendzhik which do nt have said problems with water , food , electricity  and spetsnaz .
[us] the mask somehow getting looped around a passenger s neck during the chaos of the crash , on the other hand , is plausible .
[russia] at least now you realise that you had no idea that such an overwhelming majority of crimeans actually truly want crimea to be a part of russia .
[us] and that is fine , but i m telling you that i eat bread with almost every meal when i m at home and there is nt any that looks like your first picture .
[us] for the rest of europe , although there is plenty of concern , there is very little political will for confronting russia in anything but words and light sanctions .
[russia] en     httpwww.themoscowtimes.combusinessarticleuscutsrussiafromtradebenefitsprogram508419.html   major russian media holdings together controlling virtually all russian media are going to create a joint company to also control the advertisement market .
[russia] i m glad you feel that way , i m sure that you likewise applied the same logic to every last american because after all , bush jr won two elections allowable as well and as we know , fuck all the nationality regardless of whether or not they vote their national leader in  you know , people like you is what drives russians to be where we are .
[us] isds and similar , and perhaps also a provisional application subterfuge , which lets them leak a sanitized version and then approve a much more aggressive version in secret , might well be testing ground for a corporatism which should be recognized as a threat to the civilized world .
[us] anythign nuclear is a hot button issue and making them nuclear would have raised the initial capital cost dramatically , plus the rn would have had a long term increased personnel cost thanks to required training .
[russia] top government official  said  he will use strategic  nuclear  bomber next time   httptop.rbc.rupolitics10052014922892.shtml    sanctioned head of presidential security service organization   ,      100,000 strong organization   unofficially   prohibited entry to 108 countries  those which have extradition agreement with us  for his whole organization   httptop.rbc.rupolitics05052014922088.shtml  .
[us] the fact is that those areas of the country have been chronically underfunded across the board in every single area not related to coal production for decades .
[us] i would say the founding fathers of the modern ideals of europe would be people like kant , rousseau , metternich , and bismarck .
[russia] later it turned out only naive georgians removed their troops and disabled artillery so  abkhazian rebels  took capital of abkhazia  and the rest of the region  almost without any resistance .
[us] and we have this huge question mark , will the big drought in the southwest continue , if it does , we re going to have to figure out a way to get literally millions of people and hundreds of thousands of farms , desalinated seawater or water shipped from other parts of the country .
[russia] i thought about this for a bit and this makes no sense to me at all , this is a relatively small sub with  70k subs and about 300500 people online every moment or so , unless there is some kind of interesting development or event like eurovisionwc .
[us] this is not because israelis just like wasting money on dummy bombs and pamphlets telling people to evacuate and prematurely blowing up missiles that would kill too many civilians , but because they care about prosecuting war in as careful a way as is possible  it is still war though .
[russia] i believe these threads are extremely important and valuable  as both news source and future research material  and i ll be able to continue post sooner or later , about different country maybe .
[russia] the myth i m talking about is , to put it simply ,  stalin intentionally starved million ukrainians to death  or , even better ,   russians  intentionally starved million ukrainians to death  .
[us] no , i m also talking about out of pocket charges . . and i suspect you are out of the us , maybe have not been here in a few years . . or you have employer coverage , which have low co pays . . obamacare is a completely different animal .
[us] libya has been a war in which some of the atlantic alliance s mightiest members did not participate , or did not participate with combat aircraft , like spain and turkey .
[us] this makes me long for the days when women were associated with reading and writing books ... which also were nt necessarily about romance .
[us] you say eu is a bigger economy , but that is nt a fair comparison since eu is a bunch of different countries and they is a lot of in fighting inside of it wtih a serious lack of any central power .
[russia] the smaller the country , the easier it is to rebalance economy , but bigger countries ca nt be that quick to react or restructure , because they are  big  .
[russia] and by the way russia had a right to have up to 20,000 troops in crimea , so it s really not a big deal .
[russia] he is considered as very corrupt politician in ukraine , but something changed in his head recently , and instead of other corrupt officials in donetskluhansk oblasts , kernes was consulting with proukrainian office in dnepropetrovsk  especially with ukrainian oligarch kolomoyskiy  , also , he was asking for help to fight separatists , so he was acting very proukrainian at this moment .
[us] but , if you re not just blindly following a religion in the us and you re having a child , the topic will come up .
[us] honestly , you guys and france should be making the biggest stink of all , you guys are the only large countries to take defense issues seriously .
[us] i mean russia is so weak in comparison with nato it s weak in comparison to nato if it includes the north american countries .
[russia] here is how i see this situation , wall of text incoming  it seems like putin know what he is doing and act within his usual agenda  to restore ussr   but apparently there is no hope to restore ussr already  country is stagnating and state may start to fall apart during next financial crisis  and putin is simply trapped  most likely he accumulated billions  unknown seller has sold us treasuries for  70b in february  in illegally  earned  assets which were unexpectedly returned into the country due to risk of losing them to euus sanctions .
[us] germany is getting policies to her advantage by draining the industrial lifeblood of her neighboring countries and refusing to help them when they re on their knees .
[russia] there were some publications that claimed that word  porebrik  was also in use in donetsk , while other people from donetsk claimed that never heard this word before .
[us] that seems like a separate issue compared to integrating into society , but it also seems like a lot to deal with all at the same time  dealing with personal problems , being alone while adapting to a foreign land and way of doing things , while trying to find work or go to school  .
[russia] there was prokhorov and his joke of a party ,  spravedlivaya rossiya  with mironov  who is an old friend of putin  and a couple of others parties , all of them shares one trait in common  they are a  button pushers  , meaning they do everything kremlin says or orders to .
[us] here s more information   httpwww.immihelp.comgreencardfamilybasedimmigrationmarriagebasedgreencardfraudinterview.html  it sounds awful , but to be fair , i know two people who have gone through this  and were legitimately married  , and they did nt have any problem getting their cards .
[russia] apparently government is preparing country for possible revolution and civil war  journalists cite source using exactly these words   their own massive propaganda backslashed and now russians believe it s possible to become independant from  fascists   east ukrainianstyle .
[russia] adding up even more headache and variables into equation of mad is hardly a sound strategy or the one with which major powers  you can argue here that russia is a banana republic and so on , but we still have operating intelligence services and knowhow in nuclear proliferation  would like to deal with in the future .
[russia] some in ukraine did everything they could to not reach a deal and solve the situation peacefully , and cease power for themselves as quickly as possible .
[russia] i suppose you believe that their recent commitments to rearmament have nothing to do with repeated nato expansions and provocations during the very same period
[us] when i lived in ohio , they started converting old railroads into bike paths , and they ve got a  pretty extensive   httpimgur.comsh7mgus   and growing  system now .
[russia] not that i have a right to say anything , but sure seems like a lot of people does nt give a fuck for  reinventing europe  which i guess reflects in voter turnouts decreasing over the years .
[russia] i always felt like i m unwelcome guest here , now i feel like i become an enemy of the state rather than just nuisance .
[russia] russia is nt a child , and if you think it s your responsibility to chide it and remake it in your image then maybe you  should  be scared of it .
[us] if i murder 100 people , and each murder has a 20 year minimum conviction , that means i ll be sentenced to a minimum of 2,000 years in prison  assuming the sentences are to be served consecutively  .
[us] i heard the banner of the sub was being changed to the american flag to recognize that eu is a willing usa vassal government organization .
[russia] history is a crazy thing and if u want to understand russians a bit more , i highly suggest reading some books from russia right after revolution and what followed it , to ussr , eastern front and end of ww2 and what followed it .
[us] russia s cutting budgets for basic stuff to expand the military , the ruble is weaker than ever , growth is almost nothing , and they have to spend reserves .
[us] apple is nt a the best company ever , but they hold a strong commitment to sustainability , and jobs would make a point in each of his keynotes to point out the recycled materials and reduced mercury content in devices .
[us] there is a bunch of stuff i d like to copy from other democracies , but not like i can do a damn thing about it .
[russia] russia has an image to maintain and persecuting or selling out its very own intelligence is not the smartest strategy domestically or for morale of other security apparatus .
[russia] georgia was already a safe house for chechens during 2 campaigns and acted not exactly friendly even before  revolution of roses  , after that they went full retard with known results .
[russia] it is more to highlight the fact that the eu and us are not nearly as benevolent as people here like to believe they are .
[us] for those that do nt take the path to citizenship it would be wise to encourage refugees to return home with their educationincome they accumulated while in their country of refuge in order to help improve their own country .
[russia] in times of big wars there is no choosing , you do what your stronger neighbor tells you to do , such is life .
[russia] russia is a pretty big place with a lot of different people , make a correlation between population of russia and how many russians participated in ukrainian conflict since the start of ato .
[russia] an idiomatic expression  kitchen talking  has its roots in the latter  i mean , during , say , 80s , there was no problem with blaming regime or just bitching about politics .
[us] at some times , for example , the 13th century , two long periods of almost no rainfall were connected by a period of below average rainfall .
[russia] it is interesting , however , to note that my father knows yatsenyuk personally , he worked in ukrsotsbank in chernivtsi in the 90s , yatsenyuk was a big shot there .
[russia] according to first and only  russianudmurt dictionary   httpudmurtinfo.rurusskoudmurtskijslovarperevodzik.phpsearchf3f2eaeeedeef1  from google s search results , it s    , where every letter is a single sound , second and fifth sounds are vowels .
[russia] now things suck for the gays  there are districts in russian cities where it s still nice , but overall the less cosmopolitan cities are nt so great for gays .
[russia] ukraine should nt be complaining that it has to pay the market price for gas then , as it s no longer a part of russia .
[russia] though let s be honest , if you were the head of the gov  t in francegermany , why would you agree to a sanction that possibly sends you back into a doubledip recession , causes deaths in your country and gets your own gov  t voted out
[us] as for what the bible says , it s true that it s largely silent about condemning homosexuality in the new testament , but that s irrelevant .
[us] if we had the same proportion of roma people here as in say italy or greece , we would have the exact same issues .
[us] i mean , say what you will about saddam , but he was still a genocidal dictator who oppressed his people with a iron fist .
[us] and while african is poorer than other places it is nt culturally inferior , most of africa s problems stem from political instability and internal conflicts left over from colonial borders  think rowanda  .
[us] i find it shocking as someone who lives here , since i find the finger print of religion to be nearly non existent outside of physically being in a church .
[russia] i personally stopped visiting this sub for about 3 months and  checked it out  right about mh17 got shot down , i rarely comment anyways , mostly because people see russian flair or opinion which differs from theirs and automatically label you as a moron , astroturfer ,  insert random isult here  .
[us] these have a fairly reasonable repayment period , you can have them deferred or restructured if necessary , and they can not exceed a certain percentage of your income .
[us] the best solution is a quick response force and also more of a permanent allied presence with a more integrated command and information structure to identify possible attacks .
[us] i m only weighing in because i just went through this whole ordeal over the last 3 months  baby is now 2 months old  .
[us] that s actually the politicallycorrect version  what is actually more true , is that countries like france are more concerned with keeping turkey out of the eu and they are with a usdominated nato , and this  gridlock  situation is a way for france to prove to other eu member states that turkey acts in such a way  i.e.
[us] i ve been following the ukraine crisis since last winter when i would wake up every morning and turn on the live stream from the maidan .
[russia] ukrainians got tired of having their country mined by corruption under a government backed up by russia , and decided to change their direction .
[us] are you seriously suggesting that helping the uk war effort prior to it being politically feasible to jump in 100  was exploiting wwii in some way
[russia] but in ukraine with real borders , with uplifted police , with stronger government , with stronger army it will be much harder to successfully significantly destabilize situation .
[us] i was replying to the zephyy guy who said we only have a million of them and i was agreeing and saying yeah we have so few that we do nt even have names for them and people do nt even treat them differently because they re not any different here .
[us] only one  of the founding members that s also one of the big three using different ammo , so that s a big deal .
[us] what you are really objecting to is the fact that the default trust which the supporters of these things used for exploit for so long to slip them in under the radar  is gone .
[us] then once they ca nt extract any more wealth from the earth they move on leaving the towns and villages that have relied solely on providing labor for those industries for over a century to wither and die .
[us] i m also glad the united states is nt one of the wealthiest  most economically dynamic countries on the planet right now ... because you know ... no chance of ever being able to afford desalination plants ...
[us] i agree that tipping is probably a more cumbersome practice , but uncivilized is such a strong word to use for something as trivial as this .
[russia] do nt pretend like you are some kind of saints who loved russia dearly after soviet union collapsed and russophobia is some kind of recent development , its not .
[us] the difference maker on a country by country basis seems to be nato , which pretty much demonstrates the falseness of  nato is useless  which was the claim .
[russia] it s nice enough , the cities are really ugly and boring compared to home , but the people are nicer and the best part is the job market , which is better .
[us] you compared the us to the lowest unemployment country in the eu ... and then you did nt even mention people dropping out of the labor force in the euro zone to specifically make the us look worse than europe .
[russia] when my monthly income increased up to  2000 in four years it was either an oil price or putin himself gave me a hand .
[us] here is an example , the us s obama who basically shamelessly lied to get into office on the democratic ticket . .  thanks to hundreds of thousands of gop crossover voters who voted democratic in the 2008 primaries to ensure that obama would be the democratic nominee  of course as many can see , obama actually is a neoliberal and europeans would correctly identify him as coming from the center right  but , americans dont have that perspective .
[russia] as i grew up i have read a lot about situation in russia during different times and the more i have read the more obvious  liberal  version of events looked like a whole bunch of bullshit .
[us] why is it hard to believe that a country would want to associate with eu when all countries that do end up with a higher living standard long term
[russia] you say about turkish protests got a shit load of coverage , but judging by reddit or front pages of cnn and nbc i see a lot of crimea , ukraine and russia and almost nothing on turkey .
[us] well  according to this table   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikifederaltaxationandspendingbystatetablesoffederaltaxationandspendingbystate  kansas , arkansas , illinois , ohio , new jersey , nebraska , minnesota , and delaware all give net contributions of 8  of their gdp or more  all the way up to 22  in delaware s case .
[russia] i do nt know about fraud  though knowing typical latesovietmade small local authorities , certain amounts of fraud are inevitable even if unasked by central government  but there were independent  not russian and not crimean  monitors .
[russia] they also have a regular army guys there and people with experience as well  from prior conflicts like afghan , chechen wars volunteers , special forces etc  .
[us] i also have sort of the opposite issue  i spend cash quickly when i have it , but i am more careful with a credit card .
[russia] nothing good came of such pretenses , because as de custine acutely observed and trubetzkoy confirmed , , the results of aping an alien civilization are an abomination , rootless and artificial , that will sooner or later be swept away .
[russia] why does nt this arouse any suspicion in you whatsoever , particularly after all the lessons you should have learned in iraq , afghanistan , pakistan , yemen , egypt , libya , syria , israel , et al ad infinitum
[russia] at this point , i would like to make a public statement that i did nt vote for putin , never in my life .
[russia] i ve got a couple of close ukranian friends and a few acquaintances , my best friend is half ukranian , i ve got relatives in ukraine , i understand ukranian language and read ukranian press though i did nt learn it .
[us] finland has a decent level of gun ownership , as does switzerland   and like i said , i highly doubt you d oppose them joining   .
[russia] probably even more now since there is no distinctive ideology and reasons to fight against west  but they have to do that to concentrate capital and power to protect it .
[us] it gets messy like during the civil rights movement where locals were really racist and local police were corrupt and went along with it .
[us] it does , but i think we re still in a much better position than the european union because of qe  much more capable in handling it thanks to our structural integrity in comparison to the eu .
[us] and if you have to save money to pay off debts or hopefully go back to school to get your phd , you need to make more money than  45 k , a lot more .
[russia] the amount of hatred is overwhelming , everyone is an  armchair warrior  and while russians are mostly trolling or making fun of them  as usually is , when you feel powerful  , ukrainians is more up in arms and wanting to fight  which i guess is fair , since we took crimea , but they kind a were not too fond of us even before  .
[us] if only we had continued the antimissile defense shield and put it in eastern europe poland would nt even have to buy any new missiles .
[us] ultimately the nations in the periphery  baltics  will be victimized , overtly by russia , perhaps , but also by the larger strategic considerations of the us and europe , for whom such nations are the interchangeable pawns on the chessboard .
[russia] one more edit  i remember that in mid1990s i played all day long in an awesome game  very realistic for its time aviasimulator su27 flanker .
[russia] in the case of capitalist parties , because of their violent history and neglect for human rights , it is more than adequate and necessary for the protection of society and human race to prevent them from having power at all .
[us] people should be aware that almost no mainstream us media ever mentions any of these ftas , or any of these isds suits , so much more than 99  of all americans have not even the most remote idea this is going on .
[us] even if you re from a state  like california  where the aoc is 18 , no one is going to care if you slept with a 16 year old in the uk .
[russia] then there are things like famous russian poets , scientists , into space guys and other folks ... russia did plenty of fucked up stuff to poland throughout history , but you guys are not exactly angels either .
[us] they point to this as proof that the us is strongarming europe into bad deals and neoliberal agendas , like forced privatization of public goods .
[us] i m from the us , have lived in europe for the last five years , and i do nt understand why it s starting to be an argument on  reurope that americans do nt belong here , especially regarding threads on topics such as the ukraine situation or the european economic situation , when both the us and europe are highly interrelated , intertwined , and interdependent .
[russia] while the russian federation is the successor state to the ussr , the ussr was nt the successor state to the russian empire , thus that treaty does nt apply
[russia] it actually pains me that this particular famine is overused politically but other famine that happened just ten years before that is almost forgotten .
[russia] everyone with 2 brain cells know these are government manufactured , but no one will say this out loud , because this is illegal under a variety of treaties .
[us] there was a kid at my school who was uncut  and probably the only one  and was called  dog dick  for his entire time high school .
[us] that seems like quite a gamble especially from a country that is running out of duct tape in their budget to keep their military operational .
[us] since the us is trying to make georgia a major nonnato ally , i suspect we may occupy south ossetia and abkhazia and threaten nukes as well .
[us] dilution of toxicants is not a solution , even when all the science is in and we have a noael for sensitive end points ,  she says .
[russia] it is rather simple on the surface  russia weak west happy , russia stronk west unhappy  logic  although i really do nt like to dive down this shit , i bet it s quite deep , deeper than you d think .
[russia] because ukrainian police is very corrupt , they also have a fear of lustration or ever police dismantlement after president elections like in georgia in 2005 , and that without bribes ordinary policemen would not survive and chiefs of police would not be able to support luxury lifestyle .
[us] the us in return gets the same intel on the germans , plus alternative intel from the german intel sphere , mostly concerning terrorism .
[russia] if there was proof that there was , then there can be no question .  he then went on to make his argument for ukrainian military responsibility .
[russia] i actually was living in the west  ukcalifornia  for quire a while and still have some property there and visit it often , so sorry but i think i know much more about the differences between us than you , no offence .
[us] i have neighbors from izmir and they speak of him like he s a modern mussolini wishing to restore  order  to the  old homelands  .
[russia] i would still call crimea annexation although a questionable move , but pretty well executed and i honestly think that if we did not pushed in eastern ukraine , west would have swallowed the pill .
[russia] after passing by blockposts , suburban dwellers and village zombie loons you finally get an opportunity to drive little faster and come to bed at last .
[russia] they have a frozen conflict in ni  it s been relatively peaceful recently , but the province is still claimed by both the uk and ireland  , and you have seen that scotland is not 100  happy about the amount of attention they get from westminster .
[russia] sure they do nt have a lot of chances on the elections  not significantly more than before at least  and that makes them more dangerous now as they know it s their chance .
[russia] also , i ll just throw that out there since you like history and greatness of empires throughout it  filofey of pskov in 1510 wrote to grand duke vasili iii about muscovy  two romes have fallen .
[russia] it was too long ago and i have no time or desire to dig up this shit , but i remember all the usual repetition of 2004 events .
[russia] p anyway , my point was that i am not sure if ukraine was willing to use their arms and i think putin may have been crazy enough to try them .
[russia] i do nt watch russian tv news for a very long time , i did nt know about alternatives when i first became interested in news somwtime in 2000s and already all that was available on tv then is putin in multiple reports in every single news block , during the duma and president elections in 20112012 it was already impossible for any sane person to watch tv news because propaganda went crazy to the point of news host calling an opposition candidate hitler and putin calling people who do nt support him monkeys  banderlogi  in prime time news show on the most popular tv channel .
[russia] also from what i ve seen i doubt it canshould be called  a country  at all  after annexation of crimea it does nt even operate within internationally recognized borders .
[us] they also note that several studies support a variant of the democratic peace theory , which argues that more democracy causes a general decrease in systematic violence , at least for the most democratic nations .
[russia] i remember the fight in russian wikipedia over it  someone translated the article from english wikipedia to russian , and local prosoviets fought tooth and nail against it .
[us] this is also the country that props up states that are nt doing well instead of all of eu pointing and laughing at southern eu and watch things get worse and worse .
[us] for one , thanks to their strong emotional attachment to their land , returnees are generally more dedicated and committed to improving their communities .
[us] that s why i want to see things turn around , but it wo nt happen until the germans humble themselves a bit and countries like france or italy or spain or greece suck up their pride and realize that not everything can be blamed on germany .
[us] you have to understand , the us sees public healthcare systems and programs that save money on drugs by getting governments involved in bargaining down prices , as anathema .
[us] httpwww.iatp.orgfilesgatsandpublicservicesystems.htm the approach they covertly want would be like the us where poor people would get very cheap  as in less or no ,  in other words , much much less than now  and rich people could pay to get a lot more .
[us] then take the money which would have been spent on supporting them in the eu or elsewhere and use it to fund infrastructure there .
[us] unless you re dumb enough to try and bring the goods back into the country , there s not really any way for anyone to know .
[russia] judging by the way things are going in russian economy and our government  steps   in me personally they provoke a strong desire to see them on light poles moving sideways by the wind in  english ties   , its not that likely that this bet would fail .
[us] if you come to the country , but do nt commit violent crimes , get jobs and become productive members of us society , you are essentially forgiven for entering the country illegally .
[us] finland needs a capable but costeffective airplane such as the gripen jas 39 ef or further developed versions , not some insanely costly airplane that only the us and countries with much higher budgets can afford to buy and maintain .
[russia] on a side note , if putin is as smart as mr. excia is saying , why russia lost ukraine geopolitically in the first place
[russia] appointment to a job in the western country , like poland or east germany has been considered as a huge luck in the late ussr .
[russia] however , right now they are convinced that putin s annexation of crimea was the best thing that a country leader could possibly do , and they are all just reeling with joy .
[russia] but no newspaper in france talk about that event even the far right newspaper  minute   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiminute  frenchnewspaper  and not even the center right  le figaro   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikilefigaro  not even the far left and the left newspapers in france .
[us] you need to keep your current address updated on your license and when you update , they will update your voter info automatically if you let them .
[us] euroarea growth stagnated in the second quarter and data today showed inflation slowed to 0.3 percent this month , a fraction of the ecb s goal of just under 2 percent .
[russia] but that does nt justify the bigger mistake to forcefully return the territory back harming all the people living there directly first , there was almost no harm done besides iirc two or three casualties .
[russia] wow , you need to lay off the koolaid bro i do nt see how that s koolaid at all , what is so strange about that logic
[us] it has common russians beating their chest with how strong and important they are again which is the most disconcerting part of everything happening .
[us] this is a great idea , but it s somewhat orthogonal to the subject of making sure people can make a living , because it does nt help low skilled people , most programmers could find a job elsewhere , even if they d rather be working on open source .
[us] therefore , it is disappointing to note that we have 13 men and 4 women in the parliamentary defense committee and a man of defence .
[russia] nope , it s pretty ok . somewhere outside big cities this number would be far greater , esp. , in bluecollar regions , like ural .
[russia] it s not the us whose servicemen are getting expensive training and are paid high wages while they are performing their duties on the other side of the planet .
[russia] it s goddamn absurd that putin actually pouts like a child at this , i do nt know if he is serious about his social conservatism or if it s just a persona he put on to get votes .
[us] say that you do nt want your taxmoney spent for bailing out a failed state and they are better of with russia  also works on proeu belarus citizens  .
[russia] considering that i understood it  cause i studied german for 2 years  , i do nt think it s not ok to link german material to a sub which is presumably for european use , including german speakers .
[russia] if you got the balls and the men and the military hardware , plus an effective foreign policy , you can and will try to project your power .
[russia] at the same time , grocery shelves in my neighborhood in moscow were filled with 3 liter jars of apple juice , marinated seaweed and canned sprats in tomato sauce .
[russia] also georgia used grad on tskhinvali on 7 august on objects that were close to civilian population  it lead to majority of 133 ossetian civilian deaths .
[russia] some citizens of some countries can argue that not much has changed for them in the next 70 years and things remain the same , with countries arbitrarily embargoing them or bombing into oblivion and throwing them into chaos of civil war , while  noping the fuck out  in regards to holding responsibility for their actions .
[us] i am guessing the best way to travel throughout europe is by train , kinda like the best way to travel the us is by car .
[us] and hell , if you wanted it to seem legitimate , at least levy sanctions against ukraine and promote your cause for awhile instead of just launching a surprise attack .
[us] the world is so interconnected now that there is no need for massive amounts of troops overseas protecting nations that do nt need it .
[russia] giving access does not mean you can sell anything though , ukrainian products are not that competitive or in high demand , european on the other hand ...
[us] for scooters see point 1 , also those are anecdotes and there s a reason people are taking pics , it is very rare .
[russia] about opposition and its leaders , who knows , i have nt drank with them so to speak , maybe they are just impatient , maybe they just want to steal monies and grab some power or maybe they lack trust in others as well .
[russia] no wonder government does nt allow them  and other bureaucrats  to leave the country  they d sell themselves to foreign intelligence immediately   after abkhazian initiatives  see news from previous week  south ossetia is also  considering joining russia   httpizvestia.runews571806    musician   gangsta rapper  zhigan  is  sentenced for robbery   httpwww.rbc.rurbcfreenews20140603172353.shtml     helicopter with local bureaucrats has crashed into lake   httpwww.novayagazeta.runews1682892.html  , 16 perished , 2 survived  no dashcam video , it happened too far from roads , sorry    pavel durov has started court case in us against his ex coowners of vkontakte social network ,  he demand to return control on telegram messenger   httptop.rbc.rueconomics02062014927621.shtml   2 more companies which were  allegedly  fraudulently acquired by the company from nominal director .
[russia] you should probably check  this poll   httpwww.levada.ru18082014oprosyobshchestvennogomneniyainteresdoverieistrakhi    in russia more than a quarter of people fear of possible political prosecution in case if they answer polls with a criticism of the state  6  are sure they will be prosecuted , 22  fear it s likely , 44  unlikely , and 17  are sure they ca nt be prosecuted for that  .
[russia] russia s capital and influence would erode away  either way eventually  , the difference would only be in speed only   thus the destabilization   adventures  of vacationers .
[russia] people use their annual vacation days quota to extend labor day  may , 1   victory day  may , 9  celebrations into 9  days long vacation .
[us] but resolving that would take years and honestly , from a political standpoint , it might be easier to beef up individual defense spending then hoping that sometime int he mid 2020s everyone in europe can agree to use the same  jet fuel   httpwww.thelocal.se2011040733058  .
[russia] i m not very familiar with german tv  i only remember seeing pimp my fahrrad and die toten hosen on mtv when on vacation in croatia  , although a person i knew once told me that her relatives in germany disliked the tv a lot .
[russia] the guy red my whole sarcastic rant and agreed until he saw the word  gay  at the end of it , so he decided that i am homophobic .
[us] this actually happened in the us between 1929 and 1933 , leaving economists like fisher  and indeed the whole of society  terrified of it happening again .
[russia] georgia did nothing bad to russia , only being the unfortunate country to fail at land grab and succeed at stirring up ethnical conflicts near russian borders .
[us] shit could ve been so much different if the archduke was nt assassinated  he had time to implement his   united states of greater austria   idea .
[us] and , having helped to knock out libya s air defences and conduct some of the initial airtoground strikes , it pulled back from the frontline operations .
[russia] you   should   probably   read   about   russia s   history   if   you   want   to   point   out   bad   stuff   that   russia   did and the first chehen war start with chechens killing all nonchechen goverment officials and general violence to non chechen civillans .
[us] oh i agree , but i ca nt help but find it stupid when there s so many people obsessing over circumcision when there are bigger issues .
[us] the difference is that a licensed hospital anywhere in the world will perform circumcision if it is necessary , whereas no modern hospital will perform fgm for  medical necessity  .
[russia] still , i do nt like the fact that there are so many svoboda ministers because most of them are nt holding useless posts , but rather fairly important ones  oleksandr sych  vice prime minister andriy mokhnyk  minister of ecology ihor shvayka  minister of agriculture ihor tenyukh  minister of defence oleh makhnitsky  general prosecutor  out of these , the first is very important symbolically , but lacks power .
[russia] in moscow , mobsters were killing each other during early nineteens , survivors were almost finished by chechens , the rest became a businessmen .
[russia] it all went downhill after mass shootings and  the shit  which always exists in any country , surfaced to the top of the discussion with ukrainians helping out almost on a daily basis with videos  n stuff .
[russia] russia even as aggressive as it is nowadays does not look too eager to mess with nato countries and its quite hard to live with a constant hysteriaparanoia state of mind .
[us] i build my credit , i do nt have to worry about paying my bills , and all that is required is that i not buy things that i obviously ca nt afford .
[us] in justice sandra day oconnor s opinion concurring in the judgment , however , she argued that by prohibiting only homosexual sodomy , and not heterosexual sodomy as well , texas s statute did not meet rationalbasis review under the equal protection clause  her opinion prominently cited city of cleburne , and also relied in part on romer .
[us] i think that we need to take a step back and realize that circumcision is widely practiced in some cultures and is not meant to be a form of control or subjugation like fgm .
[russia] also , separatists bragged about support from russian side after shooting down an26 themselves  that the target was  lightened  by radar on russian territory , and it was confirmed from ukrainian side .
[russia] when you do all that , ask yourself why did you used  yeah , after they started the war together with their buddy adolf ...  and maybe you could come to an understanding why i was so pissed off and why this sentiment for any educated russian is beyond annoying and borderline rage inducing .
[russia] explanation of facebook post  dmitro yarosh is one of leaders of  the right sector  alliance which consist of rightist radical organizations  ukrainian patriot , white hammer , trizub  trident  , una unsd .
[russia] time to end this sick charade , which only feeds the smug arrogance of the western masters , and revive the ottoman empire instead .
[us] really , this applies to just about every democracy  the fewer people running , the larger their constituency is , which means at the individual level , each voter is less important and more marginalized .
[russia] reports  unconfirmed  that the bus was blown up .   nope , just car of some  minister  of  the dpr exploded   httpt.coa6mnjmbob6  , 4 persons injured .
[us] wars like that will be decided in their opening moments , and a russian offensive would have to be repelled in a quickly  timely manner before they could establish control  begin to dig in .
[us] in a sense you re right , but i think it s intentional to a degree , with congress designed to be purposefully slow so as to pretty much force compromise between the two houses .
[us] i do nt agree with the op here , but it is worth mentioning that germany has unprecedented influence over the european central bank .
[russia] the decision on the removal of the president of ukraine from the office in compliance with the procedure of impeachment shall be adopted by the verkhovna rada  supreme rada  of ukraine by at least threequarters of its constitutional membership upon a review of the case by the constitutional court of ukraine , and receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and upon a receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that the acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of treason or other crime .
[us] these days , full time masters students  at least us citizens  are allowed to work quite a bit more hours per week than was the case before 2013 .
[us] he does nt want to switch to a new system any more than he wants a new hammer over the one he s broken in over the years or he wants his foreman to come along and tell him how to do his job .
[russia] the new government unapologetically uses outright military force and is nt even phased by the deaths of 300  civilians in the last few weeks .
[russia] coincidentally , current financial crisis did not materialized in 20082009 , it was 30 years in the making , but not many people talk about it , since there is very little in regards to actual policies or alternatives to  debt economies  .
[us] the eu commission , along with us treasury secretary jack lew and numerous eu counterparts , continue to urge germany to shift its focus from trade surpluses , arguing that increasing public investment and wage levels would stimulate demand and higher growth across the bloc .
[russia] in reality , we know even from proregime media sources like the nyt that the resistance was mostly composed of donbass natives , and that the russians amongst them were veterans and volunteers .
[russia] btw among other oligarchs khodorkovsky was afaik the only who publicly admitted that privatization  some schemes  as it was done was unfair and lobbied to legislate obligations for all participants of privatization to compensate losses to the state  and putin blocked that legislation  .
[russia] all this has happened in ukraine too , but on a much smaller scale , ukraine currently has not moved on from the 90s as much as russia has .
[us] when someone in their 20s living in usa is a hardcore russian nationalist shouting about western propaganda and asking for proof every other sentence out of their mouth .
[russia] i remember videos of people with sniper rifles , i remember people with aks in hotel of ukraine  i do nt remember the name exactly  .
[us] when i see more countries because western style democracies , i think it is a good thing for the world because western style democracies do not go to war with each other .
[russia] everybody here understands the basics of real estate dynamics and how it correlates with your income , especially if you re in a field that is nt desired by the market .
[us] its a mess , the health care situation is killing a lot of people because they ca nt get health care . . its totally unsustainable .
[russia] if your neighboring country had a government overthrown with a significant part of the population going hostile against your country , having troops at the border might not seem like such a bad idea .
[us] as for the second part about being unpopular , that means it s basically impossible to push an agenda which is painful but necessary .
[us] europeans telling americans they do nt know what war means comes off a bit ridiculous as though they were in trenches or something last week .
[russia] putin tv loves that thug   httpwww.vesti.ruvideosvid582716  people s leader of donbass  httpwww.vesti.rudoc.htmlid1352251  civil activist pavel gubarev , named by locals  people s governor   httpen.itartass.comworld722470  people s governor of eastern donetsk  httpwww.1tv.runewsworld253623  elected on donetsk veche people s governor
[russia] in this case , just showing putin s attempt at humor and not the rest of his perfectly reasonable and compassionate reply to the guy that did the trick of making him look bad .
[us] while sykespicot led to the authoritarian dictatorships that helped create the ideology , it was really us  and to some extent british and french  meddling that made it increasingly popular .
[russia] i was referring to  this guy s   httpwww.reddit.comuserkukul  comment , he said that locals were upset with his slavic accent and noticeably changed their behavior around him .
[us] here in new hampshire  us  , we have both a derry and a londonderry right next to each other that were founded by scotsirish from the original city .
[russia] but it s hard to justify living for 1020 years in penury while other less free nations  china , also russia to a degree  are doing relatively well economically .
[us] nato spent 60 years working towards standardization and we still have major countries  france  that ca nt use the same damn rifle ammo that others can .
[us] usa has problems , but holy shit i ll embrace those problems with glee if somehow the other alternative is russia that is  supported  by the people .
[russia] i would like to add that thanks to russian invasion to crimea regardless do the locals want it or not will make the eu to speed up its efforts to form a unified european army .
[us] just because the rates are falling does not invalidate the fact that there are still hundreds of millions of chinese citizens who live a subsistence lifestyle .
[russia] you still did nt answered to the first part , btw , i am interested in hearing your opinion , since you wrote   yeah , after they started the war together with their buddy adolf ...  i have seen plenty of comments like that and they piss me off probably the most out of anything that people write online , including involvement of people s relatives .
[russia] we are discussing here people s reactions on a plane being shut down  these people do not know that this was a passenger plane  .
[russia] i do nt think that he will be toppled in revolution , but he has no prospects as a candidate , so his usefulness for russia is quite low .
[russia] as someone who reads a little bit about world news everyday , i have my doubts about  recoveries  and  all will be good soonish  .
[us] an analysis of the hypothalamus by swaab and hofmann  1990  2007  found that the volume of the suprachiasmatic nucleus  scn  in homosexual men was 1.7 times larger than a reference group of male subjects , and contained 2.1 times as many cells .
[russia] numbers do nt lie bro , why there are significantly less russians in different stans and why are they not coming back there , if its safe now and no one will harm them in any way
[russia] more or less independent internet news agencies are neutral , maybe even proprotesters since ukrainian government is responsible for beating and shooting their colleagues  reporters  .
[us] you can find people like those in droves , but you can also find examples of religious people who do not think like that .
[us] i think once a country goes full blown nationalism us versus the world and the economy is caving in that all bets are off .
[russia] you just ca nt do this with proprietary software , you ca nt detect if build servers of your proprietary software vendor are compromised or not  neither practically nor theoretically .
[us] they do nt know what they are , and that they are direct recipients of those  global public goods  , and that such gpgs are provided directly by the us military .
[us] the biggest threat to nuclear power plants and society is one which is quite substantial , which society seems to be largely ignoring . .
[us] with idiotic incited statements   the real reason for  postponing  the new sanction round is that the eu leaders desperately needed to save face and avoid a public embarrassment .
[russia] we ll see how your ideals and standards of living hold up when you no longer have cheap hordes of labor to exploit and weak governments to extract resources from .
[russia] this was a clear example of piece of shit journalism during arab spring being taken for a  face value  by gullible people , a  clear case of manipulation and misrepresentation  .
[us] all this is a way of saying , in conclusion , that europeans have a deepseated interest , for the purposes of maintaining peace , in keeping the transatlantic relationship that now exists  alive and well .
[us] the fact that they keep the texts of these agreements secret means that i can not take segments in the leaked documents at face value , because they are likely to change in either direction .
[russia] for instance , every time gypsies come out , this sub turns no less nazi than most russian neonazis , while gypsies in russia are actually comparatively tolerated  ok , it s not perfect , as far as minorities go , the perception of the roma in russia is better than in the west  .
[us] on top of that , china s relationships with the eu and the us are far more important than its relationship with russia due to the size of their economies and america s military presence in asia .
[russia] lol  only megalomaniacs like napoleon , bismarck or hitler came up with the insane idea of attacking russia lol  sorry , i am a history major , this would cause my russian history prof to have an apoplexy .
[russia] guy makes a lot of good points and seems to have a strong following , but a stronger and larger group of people opposing him
[us] for the first time , the united states has taken a secondary role   leading from behind ,  if  leading  is even the right word  in a war prosecuted by the nato alliance and driven by britain and france , the two strongest military powers in europe .
[us] nato commander  eu could not do libya without us    httpeuobserver.comdefence115650   nato majorgeneral marcel druart , addressing the european parliament committee on security and defence on tuesday  20 march  , said nato relied heavily on us military expertise on intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance  isr  capabilities .
[us] putin is driving sweden and finland to join nato so that their cultural peacefulness and added numbers will make nato less unified , less agile , and less of a threat to russia .
[russia] the reason i chose  rag tag batallion  description is that i do nt see ukrainian army as somewhat united , highly capable military entity with high degree of combat readinessexperience .
[russia] russia wo nt turn into north korea  koreans are homogenous nation while russian federation is an empire with multiple  mininations  which are ready to depart any moment .
[russia] having ngos register as foreign agents in case of foreign funding has been in the works for ages now and does not involve humanitarian organizations .
[russia] currently published russian history textbooks for students try to push the image of lenin as a humanist genius , exposing the nature of capitalist exploitation and so unfortunately gone before his time .
[russia] i m not aware of details of pharmaceutical market but when couple days ago i ve asked my family to check what percentage of their drugs is imported
[us] russia could be invading poland and raping all of their women and merkel would be like  hmm maybe we should cut out oil imports from russia .
[us] this pretty much lines up with my views  germany , russia , france and the uk being the places i d most want to visit in europe .
[us] why dont you make a list of assertions which you see as  my claims  and if indeed they are both things that i am saying and important , i d be happy to try to  prove  them .
[us] i ll agree that going forward we should let the kid choose , but do keep in mind that some people do choose that route even after they grow older .
[russia] armchair warriors soon found numerous social profiles in vk of the persons from the list  they really were troopers from pskov , and many of them disappeared from the web since august 1516 .
[russia] people often look at things from the perspective of a modern , liberal , civilized man , but back then things like empires still existed , concentration camps or deportation were a  normal practice  , oppression of minorities bloomed with all colors of rainbow .
[us] claimed that the work of cultural cooperation among finnougric peoples was bent on creating a finnougric super state how do you even respond so stupefyingly idiotic
[us] here are my reasons for disliking each party   nbsp  conservatives  they re tools for the super rich and powerful , in a country with a huge problem with upward mobility .
[russia] but if live here your samara have  terrible roads   httpswww.google.comsearchsafeoffampsiteamptbmischampsourcehpampbiw1556ampbih1037ampqd0bfd180d0bed0b2d0b0d0bbd18bd0b2d181d0b0d0bcd0b0d180d0b5ampoqd0bfd180d0bed0b2d0b0d0bbd18bd0b2d181d0b0d0bcd0b0d180d0b5ampgslimg.3...2196.9137.0.9257.32.13.0.19.9.0.134.1123.9j4.13.0....0...1ac.1.48.img..17.15.1055.2sm67aderncampgwsrdssl  , tons of garbage , dirt and dust , pollute air , lack and a shitty state of public transportation and traffic jams .
[us] in the event of an extreme gmdinduced longterm grid collapse covering much of the globe , if just half of the world s spent fuel ponds were to boil off their water and become radioactive , zirconiumfed infernos , the ensuing contamination could far exceed the cumulative effect of 400 chernobyls .
[russia] eastern europeans base themselves antirussian as part of their  national identity  , this is a very useful tool to point finger at big bad wolf to the east .
[russia] edit  i ve checked on map , distance from donetsk to mariupol is  95 kilometers  and this giant front is filled with russian troops , imagine their amount .
[russia] why should russia maintain the existing status quo if moldova , which feeds itself and replenishes its budget with  remittances from  migrant workers , stops being close , friendly or even neutral towards the russian state .
[russia] as it stands now , when imf reforms would be introduced and implemented , i think there is a decent chance for a continuation of  banquet  .
[russia] we have a great place of  the volga embarkment   httpwww.youtube.comwatchvrfe4l5navz8  , some nice parks , some beautiful historical and modern buildings little of wich you see on wikipedia , monuments , theaters , museums , churches and a great nature  with tons of garbage  .
[us] it is the definition of evil for many ignorant people inside of that country and in an ironic twist they tend to survive due to the socialist systems that they despise .
[us] the tisa  trade in services agreement  being negotiated in secret contains provisions  mode four  that will let multinational corporations move their skilled employees around , something they can not do now , and mode four will as far as i know , not be subject to any kind of quota .
[us] so , the level of technological change which took a generation to occur 200 years ago , takes maybe , at the most three or four years today .
[russia] i can guess for kremlin s perspective things look exactly like orange revolution of 2004 , which is widely accepted as organized and financed by the west .
[us] which is ironic , considering the administration picked powell to do it precisely because he had an ironclad reputation  he was nt interested in politics but in doing what was right and the administration played it against him .
[russia] maybe i m a bit too emotional about this because one of the conflicts destroyed region where i grew up  abkhzaia  and it s still lawless ethiopialike anarchy due to russian  peacekeepers  residing there instead of normal state .
[us] the idea of breaking off to form your own majority    with    blackjack    and    hookers not only sets a dangerous precedent for further balkanization in the eu , it s also an unfair one as well  sure , you have the right to selfdetermination , but what happens to people in , say , madrid who are of the same political mindset as you
[russia] it s a bloody war there , if you do nt shoot down a plane , it will bomb you or unload equipment that will be used to bomb you .
[us] i have to say that as much as i like self determination , the constitutional requirement of having  all  spaniards vote on these issues hardly seems unfair .
[us] his success within the russian political system is proof of clear thinking , even when taking shirtless pictures in the wilderness seems ridiculous to the rest of the world , his actions are perfectly calibrated for russian expectations of leadership .
[us] yes , because the first thing we want to see happen in a new multipolar world centered on asia , where a rising china is to be our greatest competitor , is to once again divert the majority of our focus  resources  away  from the pacific , and back to europe to bolster a divided european union vulnerable to russian aggressioninfluence .
[russia] from what i ve seen here , if anything , this is exactly the opposite of a place , where russian shills are engaged .
[us] you will note in  both  my posts i said they should nt necessarily be allowed to stay , just that they maybe people should be more compassionate then  fuck em , just let them drown  .
[us] just saying he s not a complete idiot , and it would totally go along with the way he tries to present himself on the show .
[russia] about seven million russian people died there , it is even rooted deeply in our language as  starving povolzhie  , soviets practically begged for help , but no , it is not significant .
[us] at a time of economic stagnation , return immigration would be more politically palatable for the european public  it would also be more economically efficient .
[us] lifenews , a prokremlin website with links to the law enforcement agencies , said he had cut his hand and then fallen and hit his head after suffering blood loss .
[us] perhaps you re right , but the us culture being a threat does nt mean that a unification would nt also be a threat .
[us] but how else is someone going to be able to move out and completely drink their way through their freshman year and land a 1.7 gpa
[russia] everyone who tells you otherwise is either misledmisinformed  possibly stupid  or have an agenda  protect the regime for example is one of them which in russian translates to     .
[us] just sending these people out of sight does nt make them disappear  there are serious consequences for not facing the problem headon before it gets out of hand .
[us] regarding the nuclear deployments to crimea , senate armed services committee ranking member james inhofe   r. , okla.   first disclosed last month that putin had announced in august his approval of deploying nuclearcapable iskanderm shortrange missiles along with tu22 nuclearcapable bombers in crimea , located on the black sea .
[us] so if the spanish legal system declares the referendum illegal and catalonia still goes ahead , will the local police side with the catalonian gov  t or with the national gov  t and try to shut it down
[russia] russian has longer words and you can usually easily tell different parts of speech apart , so you either need a convoluted setup for a pun or you replace it with a different type of a joke .
[us] yes , but you re also staring down the loaded gun of deflation , which trapped japan in stagnant growth for some two decades .
[us] carryouttakeout  most people wo nt notice if you do nt tip unless you re a regular , but 10  is a good rule of thumb .
[us] i use amazon prime for everything from knives to acs to shoes . . it s very convenient when i do nt have time to make a run to a store for just one item .
[us] i stopped reading your garbage when you said israel is not at war with gaza , which it is at war with hamas which runs gaza .
[us] last one i can think of is getting asylum if you face fear of persecution for political opinion , but i m not sure if that would work in your situation .
[us] you are mistaking usa s attempt to get people to view them as liberators versus russia not giving a damn about who they kill .
[us] i reiterate  to me it s funny how colonialist guilt often far overpowers ww2 guilt , hence the excusing of rabid antisemitism coming from the arab immigrants by the media .
[us] in fact , we ve even denied billions of dollars in federal grants to build a highspeed railroad  billions of dollars in federal grants to expand medicaid   this one has more to do with sabotaging obamacare than anything   .
[us] hey man , you should nt go fight in syria for the islamic state ...   what a bummer   ... you should do it right here , in london .
[russia] so far russia seems more than happy to sell resources for scraps , why would china want to change anything , if  spice keeps on flowing  with not that much of a fuss
[us] europe wants to talk about how enlightened they are compared to the rest of the world yet there are tons of xenophobic racist fucks that pop up out of the woodwork second the word muslim comes up .
[us] that s the point ... the british standoff in northern ireland was peanuts compared to the shit going on the middle east that the united states has to deal with .
[russia] all i am trying to say is i somehow doubt that it would be all unicorns and rainbows there if russia did not stopped georgia right from the get go .
[us] even almost without isds , the eu and us already trade gargantuan volumes  both blocs barter around  1.6 billion   2.2 billion   6  in goods and services every day , with more than  2.6 trillion   3.5 trillion  in twoway direct investment per year  7   all this with only onethird of eu countries  or 7  of eu s gdp  covered by isds .
[russia] in case of referendum choosing between eu and customs union with russia , belarus and kazakhstan  24.7  would vote for entering eu  9.4  in donetsk  , 46.8  for customs union  72.5  in donetsk  .
[us] if i use cash at these stores , i am effectively paying the  transaction fee charge  for the credit card pricing but getting none of the benefits .
[russia] one of the most sensible things yeah , charging interest is evil , you re right ... btw , good luck running an economy without loans and credit
[russia] most of the elderly think that ussr was the best thing that ever happend to them  they had roads , free healthcare , jobs and possibilities .
[russia] right after that shit started to happen   antigay laws  massive amounts of money borrowed from people s pensions for olympics  prochurch laws  antifreedom laws , especially antiinternet laws  e.g.
[us] he is also the one that talks about former soviet republics like they are nt actual real countries today and that russia still owns them .
[russia] russia  , we are learning about plans of our government from nato and cia prognosis  relatively good news  after visit of  swiss  banker    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikididierburkhalter  to moscow putin has suddenly changed his course 180 degrees .
[russia] in a way he is walking on a very thin ice , since his economic policies are being conducted by western oriented liberals who has done  an enormous amount of damage  to russian economy , personally i would like to see them all hanged or at least given 10 years of prison each for absolute lack of any responsibility or accountability for their  laws and ideas  .
[us] this is because , in addition to everything costing so much compared to stateside , you also have a lot of restrictions in place that make exercises , the realistic ones the us conducts , incredible expensive to carry out .
[us] the president , stratcom , secretary of defense and a few other higher ups will have minutes to determine what is happening and what the response is .
[us] i would also argue the animosity between both sides is a good reason for a state to exist as it would almost certainly reduce tensions  as well as international pressure  since israel would be much less of a scapegoat for the palestinian government s failings and corruption .
[us] the corporate interests who seem to be substituting their own interests for those of the general public as the determinant of policy in both the us and the eu .
[us] there has never been a time when there was more growth in knowledge than now because of something that has nothing to do with politics whatsoever    exponential growth in technology   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiacceleratingchange   . . the more we learn , the still more we learn , faster .
[us] he has looked into overall spending in both spain and italy  the largest and most dangerous cases of deflation in the eurozone  and does nt think the results are pretty  there is some evidence in spain of a small , recent rise in spending but that s about it .
[us] opec can continually cut production and raise prices to counter increased efficiency and a turn to renewables , maintaining their desired level of revenue .
[us] what part of history would you like to rewrite where eastern europe all of a sudden likes russia and did nt voluntarily ask to join eu and nato .
[russia] you can simply connect more tatras together , as if in a shunting yard , but making a long tram with jacobs bogies requries a crane and some assembly .
[russia] maybe , it happens because i was young and healthy in those time but i keep pleasant memories of the late 80s  early 90s .
[us] it is not connected to hungary by a majority ethnic area , making any argument for transferring it to hungary difficult , but not impossible .
[russia] according to juvenile logic the importer will be more deprived than the exporter if trade was to cease , but according to macroecon , it will hurt china far worse than the us .
[us] well i do nt think any war that involved strategic nukes would have any country coming away looking like they were let off easy .
[russia] its not that far fetched if ukraine fails to reform and improve its economic situation , you can always go back to good old style fashioned nationalism and blame everything on the other guy
[us] was the baltics joining eu and nato so they are protected and now have much higher living standards than russians versus being occupied by russia somehow making russia in risk of no longer existing
[us] source  httpbits.blogs.nytimes.com20140922amazonworkerswalkoffthejobingermanyoverwagedisputephptrueamptypeblogsampr0 i mean , unions can certainly play hardball , but the fact that it s an incomplete strike does nt really give me confidence that amazon will  learn its place  in europe .
[russia] i hope russians will be smart enough to discharge the crew before they ll try to sink ship in the middle of sevastopol port  to trap russian fleet inside  or detonate gunpowder  explosives near russian flagman .
[us] this means that ttip will lead to the loss of at least one million jobs between the eu and us , whatever the level of ambition achieved .
[us] poland choosing to pad the coffers of american corporations over european ones this is nt fair because poland has purchased a lot of weapons from european firms .
[us] my main grow is with countries that view pacifism as the answer to everything and criticize the countries that do the heavy lifting while benefitting from the system .
[russia] its ineffective  i just do nt believe the  right to be forgotten  is the proper approach yes it is ... only police should have access to criminal data and your past ... for example the guy may erase everything online from the public but if the police still have access to the file its ok and almost perfect .
[russia] good sorts of apple trees  production quality , those that give a lot of nice looking and tasting apples  are kind of hard to grow here due to harsh winters .
[us] as a result , eurocontrol  european organization for the safety of air navigation  banned european airlines from flying to any airports in crimea or passing through the region .
[us] you have wives of dead soldiers being abused by thugs and the government forcing people into military service and then lying that they have been killed .
[us] muslim country close to the middle east and ongoing conflicts , does nt help that they ve been in the news cycle for the past year as letting foreign isis fighters pass through .
[us] people look at the flag then look at one sentence of your comment where your make a  even if valid  criticism and it s downvotes away .
[us] and eventually a federation it s pretty likely that you wo nt be able to change anybody s mind about the european union  they already made their mind up a long time ago .
[us] our commitments to those countries have been made quite clear in the past couple years , and it s obvious from our recent   pivot to the pacific   that we re serous about them , else we would nt be moving 60  of both our air force  navy into the region .
[russia] i did nt do anything that putin did to ukraine , and yet if i do nt preface most of my posts here with  putin sucks and please forgive me for all that he did to russia and other countries  i usually get downvoted here .
[us] the end of  the grid  as we know it  excerpt from recent truthout article  the federal government recently sponsored a detailed scientific study to better understand how much critical components of our national electrical power grid might be affected by either a naturally occurring gmd or a manmade emp .
[russia] you can have the father present during the childbirth and have him cut the cord , you can have your personal obgyn , you can have unlimited visitors and a personal room for you and the baby .
[us] with a government so unstable as to rest entirely on the strength of one man , who s to say it wo nt happen again
[us] now i m wondering why i needed a visa when i went there last winter since i do nt need one to visit other states .
[us] for example , everyone that wants to go eat pizza in florence has an obligation to at least try to get around in italian .
[us] every ethnic group has their celebration and every group invites all the others to be members of their group ... even if just for a weekend .
[us] out of the 5 brics , only china has nt experienced a major slowdown in growth   httpwww.usnews.comopinioneconomicintelligence20140210emergingmarketeconomiesareheadedforaslowdown  , i am not sure that this new brics bank will do that much if these economies ca nt grow  which i think is a shame , it would be good for the world to have more growth  .
[us] the court did not purport to use any level of scrutiny more demanding than rational basis review , according to law professor erwin chemerinsky .
[us] furthermore , it is precisely that i do  not  believe small wars will suddenly break out in europe with the us gone , that i support mearsheimer s position .
[russia] about possible defection appeared today and besides their obvious propaganda value they may be actually true but surprising  naval officers should nt be that dumb as  defected   berkut  grunts and should understand they will be demoted or discharged and surely they will be watched by fsb for a very long time .
[russia] the press not only fail at physics  kamaz truck fully loaded by weight with grain or other food will be less than half loaded by volume  , but they were also biased as hell  there are videos that document red cross guys checking trucks , on those videos trucks are quite filled  but most media showed two or three  convenient  photos  .
[us] ihs jane s defence weekly described the nuclearcapable tu22s to be based in crimea as   the backbone of soviet naval strike units during the cold war .    rogers , the strategic forces subcommittee chairman , said sept. 18 that the russians have discussed   plans to station tactical nuclear weapons in crimea .
[us] criticism  amy chua s other thesis and her conclusions have been disputed by george leef  5  of the john locke foundation , who proposes that many other factors may account for ethnic violence , including the most simple motivation of pure racism .
[us] despite this , the european commission has not bothered to prepare an impact assessment on it , in dire contradiction with its own guidelines ,  5  and just started to insert it in trade agreements it started to negotiate after the lisbon treaty .
[russia] nato has no right to a sphere of influence , we in russia are the  good guys  that know  best  and everything we do is peaceful and democratic , totally not aggressive .
[us] she would not , we can be confident , have been made privy to privatisation plans , as she would not then be able to stand over the company s claim that it can not be sold  and there s no doubt that her statement was made in good faith .
[russia] i have to apologize  gazprom did not lost 80  of profit , in q2 it  lost whole profit and 7.5 b rubles  200m euros on top of that   httpwww.rosbalt.rubusiness201408131303453.html   compared to 57b rubles  1.5 b euros profit a year ago  .
[russia] russia  , government looks embarrassed  alexander dougin  dugin  , ideologist of kremlin s  eurasian  theory of russian existence is  almost fired   httptop.rbc.rusociety27062014933295.shtml  from the biggest university in the country after petition and protests sparked after his extremist speech about ukraine  literally  kill , kill , kill   , person who accepted him is also in suspended stance .
[us] it s a waste , because the same or very  very  similar levels  in his opinion  of global stability could be achieved by simply  offshore balancing  , instead of what we are doing right now , which is known as   deep engagement    httpbelfercenter.ksg.harvard.edupublication22595dontcomehomeamerica.html  by supporters and   sticking your nose where it does nt belong   by  detractors   httpbelfercenter.ksg.harvard.edupublication23545correspondence.htmlbreadcrumb2fpublication2f225952fdontcomehomeamerica  .
[us] of course , i spent my childhood moving around the country a lot  and sweden  , my summers literally being driving around great distances and seeing what s on the route , so ymmv .
[us] we found deformed and genetically mutated babies in the wards  pitifully sick children in the homes  adolescents with stunted growth and dwarf torsos  fetuses without thighs or fingers and villagers who told us every member of their family was sick .
[russia] i mean , not that there is nt a lot of stuff to blame russia for , but you literally spam reddit 247 with the exact same type of links , for months on end .
[us] the cultural and ideological proximity of the anglo countries has made them appear to be each other s natural allies , despite the massive distances that separate them .
[russia] except for one incident between  svoboda  and  splnoy right   as we call them ,  ss troops   , the status quo is being maintained ...   ...   q  not if you have not encountered antisemitism even , and with a certain condescending attitude , they say , even though a jew , but also the world worth
[russia] kazakhstan moved their capital just because russia is ruled by a bunch of kgb kazakhstan moved their capital  closer  to russia , you fucktard , because almaty was too close to china .
[russia] i do nt know if they are  ideological warriors who just fight the good fight for their ideals  or just simply paid to do so , but i do know that posting the same stuff over and over again requires time and effort .
[us] if you are an american going to europe , you want to be able to check a few countries off your list in one trip .
[us] the planting trees , ect is for people who do nt have marketable skills to find a job and do nt want to or ca nt be trained .
[russia] i wish putin was half as smart as western media paint him to be in their james bond villain portray , maybe then russia would not loose ukraine as a whole geopolitically and was not under sanctions and hated by a shit ton of countries worldwide .
[russia] then there is a report by a guy who actually visited shakhtarsk  that s good , however , his visit was absolutely useless  few sentimental interviews with crying civilians , that s all you can get from it .
[russia] the voting patterns  do  matter , because they represent the common views of the demographic of reddit , which at this point is pretty broad  a very large portion of 1535 yr old males use this site  .
[russia] answer this honestly and you might get the idea why it  makes sense   as unfair it is to  smaller guys   to move the border so to speak .
[russia] the opposition had a hard time during protests of 2011 , when they tried to overthrown the government and to get similar results to ukranian maidan .
[us] well , there was nothing stopping you from brushing up your german and swinging over to gdr and seeing how much better things were doing in the east .
[russia] and there is no guarantee germans would beat poland , and even if , it would still be better buffer zone than conquered territory .
[us] the only long term solution is making sure they get placated with concessions or resentment will just continue to boil over and eventually could lead to rioting and terrorismwar .
[us] not that big of a case of it if he only meant  white people  when he talked about the suffrage movement and ethnic selfdetermination .
[us] i mean ... it s already established that scotland would nt be in organizations like nato , the commonwealth , the united nations and five eyes right off the bat ... thus having to reapply to them ... why is this different
[russia] i mean its kind a logical to prepare at least 2 or 3 scenarios for possible developments of situation on the ground and how it will affect russian and russian population .
[russia] year 2012    the united states and nato , however , are only prepared to give political guarantees that the future system is not aimed at countering russian capabilities .
[us] everyone knew this , even the japanese , which is why they pushed so hard initially hoping they could force us into calling it quits early .
[russia] i did nt see new buildings being constructed in my town for like 7  years  despite its proximity to moscow and prices of homes and apartments comparable to berlin in samara construction is very active .
[us] much worse , since israel has been in active negotiations to give the palestinians ever more power over themselves for decades , while china has no intention whatsoever of allowing tibetan selfrule , let alone independence of any sort .
[russia] to judge soviet union actions by 21st century standards and ignoring or belittling the events  and actors  that  led to the situation  at all , is disingenuous and have very little in common with accurate picture of the world at the time or prior to it .
[russia] regardless of the outcome humans operate on emotional basis , so when they feel their investmenttrade is under threat they will  almost always  overreact in one way or another .
[us] hell , many european countries  the netherlands , france , germany , the uk  have been  cutting  defense spending even as they engaged in overseas missions .
[russia] but this one was shot down not by stupid rebel fucks who ca nt tell an26 from a b777 , but by trained us navy personnel who thought the a300 was an f14 , which is a mistake so stupid that my brain hurts from even reading the explanation .
[russia] followed by the line which was conveniently omitted by reuters ...  he adds a line not included in the reuters quoted excerpt or the rferl translation transcript ,  gdeto nakhoditsya kren ego ne izvestno   located somewhere who the hell knows .  as in he had knowledge of a buk existing somewhere , no more .
[russia] on 2012 elections prorussian party of regions and commies had overwhelming lead  pr 65  , cpu 17  vs udar 5  , batkyv 5  , svoboda 2  .
[us] it is pathetic that there are muslim countries that had more progressive laws than usa with regards to the military considering how much usa vilifies muslims .
[russia] i refuse to accept it not because it is not  funded by the russian government  but because there s nothing in this article besides hearsay .
[russia] yes , people like  u3dom who while probably having good intentions is nonetheless despicable to me in the way he abases himself in front of this sub and how he spins outlandish theories about the imminent collapse of civilisation in russia ... like the liberal michelle bachmannglenn beck of this sub .
[us] here in the us , former congresspeople and senators commonly make huge amounts of money , in some cases , millions of dollars a year working as lobbyists for the industries they had just been regulating .
[russia] but just know that if you take a typical russian and sit with them and talk sincerely with them , they will most likely become your friend .
[russia] so imagine the circle jerk when portugal lost 40 to germany i think there s never been a higher concentration of schadenfreude in a country in the history of the universe .
[russia] if i ca nt talk about any of the good things the ussr did because  gulags and bread lines hurr durr  , then you can not by any rights compare the ussr poorly to any other nation , particularly those imperial nations of the first world .
[russia] so you re saying it s alright for prowestern politicians who do nt call themselves communists to steal , while condemning prorussian politicians who do call themselves communists for the same thing
[russia] really stupid to fly over there now , especially when the original plan hugged the border of ukraine and russia instead of flying directly over donetsk as they did .
[us] furthermore it is a domestic issue to try to avoid any form of power politics , since it is en vogue in germany that germany should not be doing any form of that .
[russia] it becomes more difficult to do  it turned out most of news sites reused content from lenta.ru previously , often indirectly  through each other or simply by focusing on the same theme as lenta.ru .
[us] here is the recent testimony  video  go to the second page of results for seoul , and watch the video with an myong chul , its the first witness , starting at around 1730 in the video .
[russia] so in terms of international power , ukraine is a  nice to have ,  but very far from  must have  so far as russia is concerned .
[us] no , it s simply pointing out that even in developed countries like the us there s going to be a lot of fucking idiots due to lack of education or otherwise .
[us] there is nt any expectation that other un members are going to go to war for the us just by dint of the us being in the un .
[russia] you ca nt stop people from searching for a better life , but overwhelming majority of them would not moved in the first place , if things would be ok  ish back home .
[russia] i understand your hatred of subhuman russians including children but i ca nt help to remind you that hostagetakers did not allow hostages to get  any  water .
[russia] much like a horny young christian kid who tries hard not to stick his hand in his sweetheart s panties and yet ultimately fails because he knows he never meant to say no to those sweet , sweet lips of hers ...
[russia] i wonder if that will change  with first uavs delivered to osce mission   httpen.interfax.com.uanewsgeneral226824.html  , but i do nt have much expectations from that .
[us] unless things change dramatically in the next two years i ca nt imagine the us populace voting in someone conciliatory towards the russian problem .
[russia] no , that  fairy tale  i saw myself in social media ... oh wait , i get it now  they were not  , they were in fact undercover fsb agents
[us] cases were filed in private fta courts against egypt and kyrgyz republic which alleged that the investorstate provisions in ftas there barred legislation to increase wages .
[us] it s not a problem without its parallels in my country , so i can relate to the difficulty in solving it , but it seems to me like liberalism provides a good framework for a middle ground .
[russia] btw we will always know for the big guys ... read streisand big guy are not the majority of the system , majority should not pay for the minority ...
[us] the compromise that usa has was what allowed the union to form in the first place instead of being a useless confederation with no power .
[russia] did you even watch the video , or is this sub just gon na upvote any bullshit as long as it fits the antirussia circlejerk
[russia] long story short , as long as the economy was good and the system worked people were happy weather of not they considered themselves soviets .
[us] this combined with the ongoing trainwreck in ukraine , the suspected violation of sweden s territorial integrity is what is finally waking people up to the idea that maybe they need a better way to secure their countries then the past 25 years of defense budgets in freefall .
[russia] nolan chart and its test is useless , its creator was a libertarian i believe and the test basically tells most of its takers that they re libertarian .
[russia] when it s a question of action against the slavs , you can always count on romania    httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiromaniainworldwarii  especially when it s about russians .
[us] studies in the us have shown that privatizations are often unsuccessful   httpwww.inthepublicinterest.orgsitesdefaultfiles121320outofcontrol.pdf  , they often are really bad , but the gats and its ilk , one way standstillratchet regimens do not allow any backing out of mistakes .
[russia] and finally , the jews , and i think that jews control purposes of  svoboda  are the last or penultimate position , and fight with the jews  is not the goal of  svoboda  as an organization , it s only the purpose of only some members of the  svoboda  .
[russia] not sure you are able to understand what i m talking about , but if you are actually from the southern hemisphere and can think outside of the national mindframe with a lot of grudges and heavy victim complex which is dominating our friends from baltic states and poland  then maybe you can .
[russia] cold climate require to run engine for few minutes to warm up its moving parts  interior before driving and people use remotes to start up cars without getting outside into 20 30 c temperatures .
[us] however , these lies are the reason that we americans do nt even know that the 3 ftas even exist , let alone what they try to do or how .
[us] i can understand the appeal of the musical style as well , it s just the thug culture associated with it that makes me sad other countries emulate it .
[us] almunia had previously appeared to be set to accept google s third offer of remedies aimed at ending the dispute , but backtracked during the summer following a concerted lobbying effort by the french and german governments .
[russia] once again , people can not plan an itinerary themselves and need a tour guide since they do nt speak english  or any other language other than russian  .
[russia] 2nd man  all ok , do nt worry ,  explanations  is to follow ,  we are  people s militia  croud   long unclr   ... some fags ... we have to take barrels ...
[russia] dagestan is strange and chaotic culture  russian proverb   where dags  there problems   and people there do nt need a lot of foreign  help  to become terrorists .
[us] make germany pay a nato fine of  10 billion which is distributed evenly to all members who meet their obligations as compensation , and also promotes countries to want to meet their 2  obligation because they would be rewarded for it .
[us] the icc has limited resources and it does not make sense for it to devote those limited resources to an event so lowscale it caused fewer deaths than an accidental bus crash .
[us] derivatives are a part of calculus , which is defined as   the mathematical study of change , in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of operations and their application to solving equations .
[russia] the fact that you consider everyone who is not agreeing with your opinion as kremlin shills is disturbing and if your compatriots share that feeling , the awakening might be sudden and unpleasant .
[us] the relationship between these two administrations  dual guarantors of the putatively  unbreakable  bond between the u.s. and israel  is now the worst it s ever been , and it stands to get significantly worse after the november midterm elections .
[russia] the eu may be more powerful economically and militarily  when combined  compared to either us  by a slight edge  and to russia  by a large edge  , but it is a disunited mess that does not and seemingly can not effectively project its unified power in foreign policy .
[us] in the past people used to have sprinklers on their roofs , literally , very fine mist , but now they have air conditioning .
[us] isds and the cluster of related concepts like standstill , ratchet , rollback , indirect expropriation should all be rejected as being against the core principle of democratic governance as an adjustment mechanism for peaceful democratic change .
[russia] but  uajsdklf9df was not talking about government , he was talking about  quickly growing , and diverse economy , strong and great for small businesses  which , according to him , does nt exist .
[russia] it can be kind of hard to keep a criminal held responsible for crime when he has like a hundred of buddies living by medieval clan laws which are very happy to punish anybody , cops included .
[us] there will be americans claiming other countries  but if a decent percentage of us are honest about it  it will be a very high number .
[us] so whereas i agree with a number of things espoused by progressives now , i would nt identify myself as one due to the fickle nature of progressive movements in general .
[us] for example ,  tisa  the services agreement   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv2ppqnbxpa4  which covers 50 countries , could massively increase globalization of all services employment   60  of all jobs  and mandate massively increase privatization  because a safety net is really needed in the coming years , the neoliberals of the world , want to dismantle public healthcare  in 50 countries , the eu , us , and a bunch of others .
[us] then they enacted the wto and wto  gats  , and tried to get more radical  us style  defaults ,  which forced the privatizations unless they were carved out at the beginning  , approved as  the  defaults by more countries , but failed , leaving gats less radical than they wanted .
[russia] the russian government has banned seventeen terrorist organizations  the highest military majlisul shura of the united forces of the mujahedeen of the caucasus , the congress of the peoples of ichkeria and daghestan , al qaeda , asbat anansar , egyptian islamic jihad , aljamaa alislami , jamaateislami , muslim brotherhood , hizb uttahrir , lashkaretoiba , taliban , islamic movement of uzbekistan , society of social reforms  jamiat alislah alijtimai  , society of the revival of islamic heritage  jamiat ihya atturaz alislami  , alharamain foundation , junj ashsham  army of the great syria  , and the islamic jihad  jamaat of the mujahedeen .
[russia] this is why it took so unbelievably long to disable the  nona   httpen.wikipedia.orgwiki2s9nona  that was in rebel hands and killed and injured dozens of troops and civilians .
[us] i apologize for you having to deal with being forced into living in a world class first world country that was rebuilt from the taxes of a country that you literally killed people in order to continue ruling over just like a grand portion of the rest of the world .
[us] then you have the gall to say people that want to be independent are genocidal against themselves as though they asked to be invaded by a bigger country .
[russia] round 2 and 3 were significantly worse for russian economy  restriction of borrowing for russian banks automatically means that russian credit lines for population skyrocket , rates for things like mortgages already climbing , there are other problems as well .
[russia] we are somewhat of a mafia state and if anything mafia is known for , it is the fact that no one likes when someone messes with their money .
[us] 1  russia is nt as coordinated as poland is likely to be  look at chechnya  and 2  a full scale invasion is very unlikely and threatens nuclear war .
[us] it will increase demand for the this italian mozzarella because you wo nt be able to call things  mozzarella  unless it s actually from this area of italy .
[russia] of course , bandera was nowhere near that level , but it was nt for the lack of trying , he did a firstrate job of ethnically cleansing the west of ukraine from poles and whatever jews that germans did nt catch .
[russia] in russian i would use it only in a sentence like  after wwii it took ussr ten years to flush the last upa niedobiteknedobitok out of the ukrainian forests  .
[russia] 4  give occasional gold or two with similar reasoning of nonrussian flair , gold  someone thought this is interesting , important   i should probably check it out .
[russia] i remember two recent relevant surveys    iri allukrainian survey 1426 march   httpwww.iri.orgsitesdefaultfiles201420april20520iri20public20opinion20survey20of20ukraine2c20march2014262c202014.pdf    2629 march donetsk survey   httpspay.reddit.comreuropecomments22loexrecent2629marchopinionpollofpeopleof  seems to be about the same , because questions were different , etc.
[us] germans  outside of ww1 where many were forced to anglicize and cut ties with anything german  also did nt face many of the hardships that italians and irish faced as many were political immigrants and were coming from a higher socioeconomic background .
[us] do nt be mistaken of my sentiment  vermont and maine are , for all intents and purposes , pieces of canada that we took from them , and it s immensely clear that they are more american than they are canadian .
[us] can you at least appreciate that there are differences between the two approaches before assuming that i m making a judgement on which one is better
[russia] if government will cut off these products from eu and us and us will convince argentina , brazil , turkey to join sanctions then starvation in russia is nt unrealistic .
[us] in the end , the position of the us in the international system will remain as it is currently , at  least  through the end of the century .
[us] take the us as an example  this country was built on immigrants , but never particularly took kindly to them and even today has a very strict policy on allowing them to emigrate here .
[us] the fact we re still there , the fact we re willing to risk thermonuclear warfare for small regions like the baltics and for the ideals of european integration , should ring true to how good allies we are .
[russia] recently there was an interesting leak from the official twitter account of russian ministry of foreign affairs  they linked to a  good  article and asked to support it on fb and twitter .
[russia] of course , russia has the blood of the ukrainian soldiers on its hands , but you ca nt deny that the ukrainian gov  t is a bunch of dipshits who enabled this too .
[russia] the tactic was used when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , wherein the response would be  what about ...  followed by the naming of an event in the western world loosely similar to the original item of criticism .
[us] were it not for italians and chinese restaurants  the most popular  and their creative use of vegetables , through a long period of generally bland us cuisine , we would be eating far worse than we are now .
[russia] siberia is and always will be an integral part of russia , and i as well as many others will lay down our lives if the world needs to be reminded of that fact
[russia] it s boyish , great if you re trying to attract a daddy or someone who prefers twinks , but it s not ruggedly handsome and it will never be such .
[us] a gauge of services rose to 55.4 from 54.9 , offsetting the drop in factory output and pushing the composite index up to 54 from 53.7 .
[russia] saving polar bear and radioactivity baseless fears are good and nice at peace but we ca nt exactly risk the entire infrastructure and a blackoutbrownout causing thousands of deaths just for their green bullshit .
[russia] anyway , i do nt think landmass has anything to do with democracy , especially if the country s population is below countries like america and india .
[russia] you people are force fed propaganda that is only casually disguised , and yet you scream for all the world to hear about how amazing your media is .
[us] since travel time will be down and there s probably some money saved by not having to transit through russian territory  not sure if russia has some sort of fee to use their rail lines  .
[us] could you imagine some random private dying in bumbfuckstan for america and the government telling the family to shut the fuck up and it did nt happen
[us] it will take years , at best , for the industrialized world to put itself back together after such an event , especially considering the fact that most of the manufacturing centers that make this equipment will also be grappling with widespread grid failure .
[us] when broun spoke in june 2010 to the john birch society , he said that the entire concept of manmade global warming is a conspiracy perpetuated by certain members of the scientific community to  destroy america .
[us] maybe not a necessity for everyone , but having some understanding of rates of change is crucial for many fields outside of math and science .
[us] also julian assange has a show on russian state media and has yet to release any of the damning information on russia that he supposedly had in 2010 .
[russia] police in russia is scary , you do nt give them an excuse to shake you down , they ll shake you down with no excuse , you do nt want to know what they ll do when they have an excuse .
[russia] this  mass hysteria  may have something to do with tactics of ukrainian military  specifically , indiscriminate bombings and shellings by heavy weaponry in general direction of separatists  .
[us] it has the potential to be a very influential nation in the region   much more than now   and it being outside of the eurozone insulates it from the above to a degree .
[russia] today was the elections day , elections of governers were in 30 regions , 19 of which ahead of time which is the usual kremlin strategy to break opposition candidaes  agitation campaigns .
[russia] and by large they would prefer not to escalate anything past the point where the west would be mad enough to freeze trade  while china  russia are more vulnerable to the cessation of trade than the euus , the former are also more inured to hardship and due to their governmental types , more determined than a more rational democratic government that will be more averse to sinking its party .
[russia] guy puts bacon on a mosque  gets   httpwww.bbc.co.uknewsukscotlandedinburgheastfife24130079  prison in the uk and is imprisoned after admitting his guilt , pussy riot sings antichristian songs in a russian church and is imprisoned after mocking the court dominates western headlines for months on end .
[russia] well , russia  seized the opportunity  or  did not let crisis go to waste  , but the underlying notion remains  people  legally  voted at least  twice  through  democratic processes  and were told to go fuck themselves .
[russia] if russians would not have moved in and refused to occupy  smaller guys  , germany would have done it no problem and the border would be ever so closer to soviet union .
[russia] i travel between russia and the us pretty often  i m in the us right now , actually  , and i like to think of myself having a somewhat more independent point of view than a lot of russians and americans .
[russia] this is not unique problem but a global one and russia has plenty of outright shitty or useless jobs who are not competitive or has any chances on global market  i m looking at you avtovaz  .
[us] you also say north american countries in your other comment but canada is also below the 2  true , but i d argue that given how integrated the us is with canada regarding air defense of north america , there s certainly a feeling here that a  pass  can be given .
[us] now , you ll notice that a lot of this dovetails into the  well , it s a unity problem  , and i would nt necessarily disagree with that .
[russia] the 90s of course were a cool time for the west to write awesome songs and movies while gangs and corruption ruled most of russia .
[us] two competing world views . . the u.s one on nato and liberal selfdetermination while russia sees the end of the cold war as making nato somewhat obsolete and an encroachment on their sphere of influence , much like we in the u.s have long standing monroe and roosevelt corollary doctrines of noninterference in our hemisphere .
[us] that s the investigation s job to determine guilt , according to the relevant article in the ukraine constitution  which you did nt bother opening  , and , you know , rule of law .
[russia] idk much about romania but rsfsr was the first government in europe to legalize abortion and though it was again outlawed by stalin until he died at least contraception was still legal and available  probably not in every location  .
[us] it is very pretty , but it is very , very expensive , the housing stock is nt as diverse or modern as compared to  chicago   httpwww.contemporist.comphotosat24110905.jpg  , chicago s lake is bigger , chicago has it s own cuisine and massively diverse culinary culture , far bigger museums , over 60 miles of bike and walking trails just along the lake , surrounded by an unbroken chain of parks , millions of citizens from diasporas , over 120 languages spoken , largest futures exchange , hq for major f500 companies , much cheaper to live than nyc or sf , etc.
[russia] maybe i should get a new flag so people will stop asking me how much i like homosex  i like it very much , thank you  and how much i love invading other countries for their clay  likewise , always my pleasure  .
[us] later on wednesday evening , a source in the state investigative committee told interfax there were no signs of violence on mr devotchenko s body , and he may have died by striking his head while drunk .
[us] but liberals did nt stop fighting , as they worked to get a democratic majority back into congress and the white house  and the conservatives via the tea party did the same in 2008  .
[us] for my mother s sake , and for others in my state s sake , i much prefer how the federal government has approached this than preobamacare when the only god damn person in my family that had constant uninterrupted coverage was my dad through his job .
[us] el salvador , one of the poorest countries in the western hemisphere ,  was sued for  300 million by pacific rim mining company   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikipacificrimminingcorporation  for   changing the rules of the game   httpwww.italaw.comsearchsiteel2520salvador   the company apparently had no presence in the country , there was no contract that was broken , btw .
[us] u.s. fighter , bomber and drone aircraft took part in the strikes on islamic state positions near the mosul dam , the pentagon said .
[russia] livejournal is surprisingly popular in russia , and there are people who became viral bloggers by writing awesome posts on whatever topic  much like youtube celebrities  .
[us] it s a big resource , but a difficult one to harness  that s one of many difficulties , but if you can pressure the big parties to change or lose power , change will happen every time .
[russia] i understand the attempt to avoid running afoul of  rule 2   httpwww.reddit.comreuropewikicommunityrules  by using a nonenglish term of abuse , but what i m really curious about is why you capitalized it .
[us] i generally support all independence movements if there is reason to believe that the region seeking independence has legitimate gripes against the parent government .
[russia] i personally would vote with 2 hands and a leg to let chechnya go if they so wish so , but please do nt come to russia with your organized crime groups , human trafficking , violent , barbaric behavior and culture .
[russia] yes , it is a very quaint soviet term and it personally makes me cringe a little and smile every time that i hear it used these days .
[russia] if you are familiar with history , try to combine something like great depression  weimar republic stuff , this was russia in late 80s , and throughout all 90s .
[us] we re on  reurope , college football as a league is far easier to understand than the many different football leagues in europe , and how they play together , do nt have a championship in epl , etc.
[russia] imagine you openly smearing your employer in front of everyone and him as well , you would loose your job immediately and he will get someone else .
[russia] of course russians in estonia do nt want to join russia , because it s mostly not about nationality but about standarts of living .
[russia] though i can imagine you re talking about people making counteragruments when they see someone accusing russians as ethnicity in all the troubles in ussr related history , in this kind of arguments both sides are typically backwards nationalists .
[russia] if this thug from lugansk speaks like ukrainian , was born in ukraine and lives in ukraine  he s just a pesky khohol in my eyes of a noble muscovite .
[us] also , if germany  were  a quote  normal country  , you do nt think germany would have nukes and a few aircraft carriers by now
[us] while i agree hamas and the settlements suck , the reason the west bank is so poor is because it has a populace with some pretty crazy views .
[russia] look , there was some separatism in the 1990s , when pretty much the entire system of interregional budgetary transfers broke down and some republics and even oblasts hoarded the taxes they collected , but even then it did not translate into serious movements towards full sovereignty outside chechnya .
[russia] evidence is there and there is plenty , hell , even state department recently made a report that they spent 5 billion dollars on  democratization  of ukraine .
[us] your country should be willing to put them up and help them get on theor feer onstead of throwing them into ghettos and complaining whne they burn a car or two .
[us] i get why europeans would instantly think it s a religious practice as that does seem to be the source of why circumcisions are done in europe .
[russia] now i have an actual example , which i ve never thought of before , when trying to explain to my russian friends that i m not being serious when  insulting  them .
[russia] the adults in the room  namely , the americans , europeans , and russians  could nt care less for imbecilic  legitimacy  and  guilty  talk , except insofar as it relates to propaganda purposes , because they recognize that this is nothing more than a geopolitical tussle .
[us] i lived in california for 13 years then ohio for another 8 and now am going to move to nevada within a year or two .
[us] also , there has always been a lingering feeling of inferiority from the us in regards to our culture and it was very apparent even in the early 1800s .
[us] by your logic , new york and california would be justified in seceding from the us , the london metropolitan area would be justified in seceding from england , etc.
[russia] my point was different , my point was that a lot of countries did various nasty things in the past , and i m not exactly sure for how long do we need to feel the guilt for that
[russia] so they ve faced situation where they ll have no money from tourists  and revolted to join russia to become more attractive as resort  for example prices in sochi  which is right at the abkhzian border  are comparable to best european resorts  .
[us] especially with edcs  which  are potent in very low concentrations   httpwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.govpmcarticlespmc3245362  as we develop more complex xenobiotics  man made chemicals    better safe than sorry   httpwww.sehn.orgpdfscience,regulation.pdf   makes more and more sense all the time .
[us] i think you should probably do a bit more studying of history if you think america has nt done anything fucked up and if you think all evil in the world stems from europe .
[russia] in terms of relations with european union , current sanctions are damaging enough for russian economy and will continue to damage it even more , mostly due to lack of access for  cheap credit lines  .
[us] a continuing failure to grasp the depth and seriousness of vladimir putin s grievances with the us and eu there are no grievances , just a lust for power .
[russia] right now there s a moscowwide crackdown on them in the name of counterterrorism , since many of the buses are semilegal and you do nt need an id to buy a ticket .
[russia] it is pretty simple i think , you threw out  their guy  in a somewhat of a divided country , made a bunch of really stupid moves or statements and propagated desire to ban their representatives , they will pay you the same coin .
[us] then the ball is snapped and in play , and they need to execute their plan while simultaneously adjusting to the unexpected things that happen  defenseman plows through the offensive line faster than anticipated , etc  .
[us] if you re american and have irish roots , and you say this to an irish person , they will probably selfimmolate out of anger .
[us] hence why it s europe  china extracting most the oil out of iraq , and us who are now domestically the largest oil producer .
[us] thousands of people die every year because of teenagers drinking and driving and while not everyone follows the law , some of us do .
[russia] there was this thing , called war , it destroyed from 33 to 50  of the country , killed 27 million people  as shitty as it sounds , loosing males of working age is worse for economy and country , than cripples or old people  , left ussr with huge debts and a need to restore almost everything including places like poland , baltics , east germany and so on .
[us] my officemate is russian , my best friend married a russian , where my grandmother lives in brooklyn there are no signs in english , only russians .
[us] it is a whole other story when people living in other countries have to deal with his barbaric actions that affect the lives of tens of millions of people .
[us] when my family went on vacation to paris when i was a kid , we were told to avoid the muslim ghettos since at that time they were having a bit of a  boomb  problem .
[russia] his electorate mostly consists of the low wage people , thus , they would not feel significally worse than now , because they are already underneath the bottom .
[us] i do think there are benefits to multilingualism though , it has to make your brain work better , and reading websites in the native language is good too .
[us] i was more just looking at some of the subscoring where the us had really high energy prices compared to other countries , which is nt the case at all for the vast majority of the country .
[russia] nope , i m saying that if it s not the commander personally who updates the page  or at least guys under his command  , then it is incorrect to link this message to him .
[us] i do nt think yeltsin was scum , he just tried too much too fast and was kind of a better populist than a real politician , what russia needed at the time was a technocrat who knew real economics and instead they got a naive and somewhat egotistical man who thought transition would be easier than it was .
[us] i do nt really care where people come from or what their background is , but why claim to be tolerant and then be up in arms about someone expressing a culture different to yours
[us] from what i can gather this is frank abernathy of efs investment partners llc , efs investment partners , llc , the law office of frank g. abernathy  aka nobody httpswww.linkedin.compubfrankgabernathy86856a6 httpspittalstreet.comp7466  at the invitation of the kiev times and the american spiritual diplomacy foundation , a small delegation of native americans from the sioux nation , more specifically the lakota people , and native americans living in hawaii , recently arrived in kiev .
[russia] if you are interested , here they are  httpmi3ch.livejournal.com , httpdolboeb.livejournal.com , httpzhgun.livejournal.com   this last guy is an artist and political cartoonist , and some of his work is in english  check out his funny but sad video about putin s presidency  httpswww.youtube.comwatchvjzgo4c6u8os  .
[us] anyway , i think the deflation of japan was due to their culture of saving which i think bears resemblance to germany as well .
[russia] and just because we refused russia s offer on the missiles did not mean that we thought of them as an antagonist so you build a missile shield around the country , say that it has nothing to do with said country but refuse offer of joint work , and still expect that this would not be considered as an antagonistic move
[us] the unemployment rate dropped  a further 2 percentage points   httpresearch.stlouisfed.orgfred2seriesunrate  after nafta was signed , and  full time employment rose by 20 million   httpresearch.stlouisfed.orgfred2serieslns12500000  people after nafta until the recession .
[us] same here , but there s no denying that s it s a part of the finance industry culture , at least in nyc .
[us] yeah , i ve definitely met people here who say stuff like  sure i speak french , i can say ou est la bibliotheque and je voudrais un biere
[russia] by the way , judging by the content of provided article  if you were to bother to check my fucking comment history  i would be a member of  fifth column  and should be treated as an enemy of the state .
[us] i would love to see the us take the money we would otherwise put into bombs and put it into subsidizing european natural gas exports so europe can sanction russian gas without the price shooting through the roof .
[russia] if tomorrow lets say putin and russian intelligence would get significant amount of proof , that they can confirm to a vast degree that lets say china is planning to invade and occupy russia s far east , i would expect for russia to prepare for that course of action  including quiting start treaties if necessary  .
[us] are you really gon na say that old timers , who had little formal education , who live out in the village and who live the traditional peasant lifestyle are not european because they do nt know high culture
[us] for instance downloading a 10gb game that you already bought on steam would cost you 153 forints per gb that s 1530 forints or  6.35 just to download a game you bought .
[us] you want to pretend that there is nt a political union through eu and that literally every last part of this was agreed to years ago by all countries including uk
[russia] there was clear and concise statement of russian officials in january , that there will be  economic chaos and multiple territorial disputes immediately if yanukovich off the power  .
[russia] russia does not want neither abkhazia nor south ossetia  not at the cost of more sanctions  because they are useless and empty territories without any strategic advantages for their owner  except for possibility to troll georgia .
[russia] kazakhstan launches our rockets and has a russianspeaking  minority  , but i m not sure we do a lot of influencing in other places .
[us] i think it would be hard to find someone that would come within spitting distance of him , other than perhaps tr who was so popular he nearly took a election as a independent candidate and derailed the gop  although i suppose he is just outside the 100yr mark  .
[russia] his straightforward , unapologetic hatred is quite understandable and to some extent even respectable  a refreshing change from than the fauxmoralistic , smirking contempt and disdain shown to russians by the other degenerates here .
[russia] my pops was supposed to get a flat right after i was born , but the ussr kinda ... dissolved and well i m shit out of luck too  no more freebies from the government   at least i ll inherit real estate from my grandmas one day .
[us] severe space weather events  understanding societal and economic impacts  a workshop report  2008  httpwww.nap.edudownload.phprecordid12507 also why fukushima was preventable james m. acton and mark hibbs  its a carnegie report  it goes into a lot of detail about the  loss of the ultimate heatsink  problem .
[russia] as far as i know , all that happened in crimea falls in grey zone of laws  there were certain agreements , but then there were no legitimate government in ukraine at that time  .
[us] sorry for the rant , i know that this topic is nt what this is for but ffs i do nt want to go to  rireland and try to discuss it there .
[russia] if us thinks it is entitled to certain rights in the sphere of geopolitics , you should nt be surprised that some other nations think they are entitled to the same things .
[russia] from historical point of view , simplifications like  stalin murdered millions of people  are very bad because  1  they overshadow role of other people , thus skewing our understanding of events  2  they overshadow other things that stalin or hitler or whoever did , thus skewing our understanding even further .
[us] that s why i made the comparison , because each state in the us gets to set its own laws , just like each country in the eu gets to make their own laws and regulations .
[russia] those who will eventually be sent back to ukrainian mainland tend to stay neutral or even try to resist  see reports of seiges laid to ukrainian bases by russian forces  , but all machinery of strategic importance  jets , vessels , armor  is already seized by russian troops intimidating or simply negotiating with those ukrainian soldiers who are left behind  the enemy lines  .
[russia] this is the type of journalism that i like , although i do nt know much about ukrainian organized crime , but the article itself seems quite informative and provided with lots of details .
[russia] ask compensation for fifty years of you shitting on our history , of teaching about  evil feudal and imperialist poles  and how empress catherine the great destroyed poland  because she was pureblooded german
[us] putting individuals in prison based strictly on the crimes they commit is how you keep the public out of harms way without resorting to disturbing racist policies like separate buses or making them wear stars of david or engaging in mass ethnic deportations or any other latently fascist policy brewing in your subconscious minds .
[russia] stalin agreed and this is why when there were communist uprising in greece , he did nothing and when there were uprisings in czechoslovakia and other places , west mostly remained silent .
[us] the allencompassing result of the flaws of the isds system  outlined further below  is that governments will feel a sword of damocles hanging over their heads when they plan publicinterest regulations on companies .
[russia] while  porebrik  is primarily st. petersburg speak  it s even nicknamed porebrikcity sometimes  , it s also used in some other russian  porebrik  cities  novosibirsk , yekaterinburg , kurgan , ...
[us] so , all those houses were foreclosed on , banks crashed , hurt credit , businesses lost money , had to cut back , no more construction jobs , people losing jobs left and right , service jobs losing customers because those customers do nt have money anymore , downward spiral .
[russia] i do nt get the jump from  putin is a dick who controls way too much  to  let s ruin the country all over again , why are the russian people not on the streets killing and pillaging
[us] with the official interest rate near zero , bond investors say european central bank president draghi may need to do more to steer the region away from the deflation and debt traps that condemned japan to two decades of stagnation .
[us] but it seems the actual answer to my question was that the authorities only had evidence for a handful of crimes  which begs the question of why they brought up that figure at all  .
[russia] the verkhovna rada of ukraine shall establish a special ad hoc investigating commission , composed of special prosecutor and special investigators to conduct an investigation .
[us] if americans have really turned into that which you re representing . . than not only will i return to germany , but i ll start agreeing with europeans when they talk smack about americans instead of defending the us  and  americans   at every turn  as i have this whole time .
[us] if the french get a reputation for letting political disputes interfere with contracts , then buyers will take their business to the usukgermany  whoever .
[us] sadly , as we ve seen , even that call is seen as too liberal and controversial , and has been rejected by many catholics .
[russia] i  hope  that there is still a chance for deescalation and i do believe that moscow would settle at crimea if ukraine would declare  and sign some documents  that it will not join nato or try to seriously hurt russian interest .
[russia] note   7.8 billions will be enough to neutralize whole russian army like that   senator zhirinovsky went nearly full retard   video   httpswww.youtube.comwatchv31qzlxwzao4   and demanded one of his entourage  or a journalist
[russia] it s sad that one of the most famous russians with jewish roots , mikhail khodorkovsky , was sent to jail and had his company taken by the state , and yet i know many people who think  he s a jew , that s what he deserves  .
[us] but the official trade policy of the us is in effect forcing  privatization  of every single thing you mentioned , on other countries , if they want to trade with us .
[russia] they ll probably need at least 5 years to reverse their public image and built some trust , but even then people would look suspiciously at them , due to previous  incidents  .
[russia] to put it simply , for last ten years i do nt remember a single account of bribing someone for what must be done legally , not by me nor by people i know well enough to be informed of such deals .
[russia] your commercial interests in russia are used to finance guerrilla operations in eastern ukraine right now  and who knows there it ll happen next time and when it ll stop unless  you  do something to stop it
[us] given that europe s higher education system is predominantly funded by national governments , this migration pattern is especially devastating  in financial terms , each skilled worker who leaves the continent represents a significant failed investment .
[russia] powerdown of the ix would be counterproductive  the prefixes , that do not have other local visibility would just flow through amsterdam or sweden .
[russia] of course , any sane person understands that the polite people simply murdered any and all local residents that were against the reunion of crimea and russi .
[russia] maybe he ll realize  his priorities   httpstwitter.comcarlbildtstatus448069450437513216  were a bit skewed ... who am i kidding , he ll be allah akbaring for all he s worth .
[russia] you would think if we ethnically cleansed the place and  removed chechens from premises  there would be more of us than during soviet times at least , no
[russia] similarly , not many deny that so much of the same leader is unhealthy , politics should switch up every now and then to keep the policymaking fresh and not entrenched in the past .
[us] but if you re living in a country of 300 million  , potentially living thousands of miles from the nearest ocean and unlikely to ever visit another country or even meet a foreigner why would you concern yourself with how your speech is interpreted by outsiders
[us] i m not going to go  look at the vatican they never have violent crime we should be just like them and all be catholic ahhghgblblbl   the fact that you immediately think about people here having an inferiority complex  here s my original comment   httpwww.reddit.comreuropecomments2kds6qlifeexpectancyeuusclkmsq8  .
[russia] and please , stop using straw man  of course , it  do happen  that ua army nonintentionally kill civilians  when they miss their target , or have wrong intelligence , or attack targets close to civilians .
[us] i ve got friends in my circle who have it tattooed on them and our circle is full of black people who really just do nt give a fuck and we re all really tight having grown up together and such .
[us] i think that when it comes to chemicals which have had adverse effects in animals , the  precautionary principle   see httpwww.sehn.orgprecaution.html  approach is the  only prudent one  .
[us] in the event of the loss of coolant flow to an active nuclear reactor s core , the reactor will start to melt down and fail catastrophically within a matter of a few hours , at most .
[russia] it s not exactly about war  putin became a hostage of his own  ukrainian euro gay nazi jews attacking russians in novorossia  propaganda during winter and spring  i got the link to the article about it in recent  what happened in your country
[russia] i can see why many of the locals around donetsk scoffed at picking up the mh17 dead  they were bitter that the west never cared for their daily suffering and never mentioned it , but only cared about picking up the already dead civilians instead of trying to help the living ones .
[us] ca nt go home  americans in canada share healthcare stories   httpwww.youtube.comwatchv9twuo5dbyjo   hidden costs for  fully covered  care can slam patients  wallets   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014october09charlotteobserverhiddencostsforfullyinsuredpatients.aspx   after surgery , surprise  117,000 medical bill from doctor he did nt know   httpwww.nytimes.com20140921usdrivebydoctoringsurprisemedicalbills.html   health plan   owners manual    httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014february17healthplanownersmanualobamacare.aspx   debate grows over employer plans with no hospital benefits   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgstories2014september26employeeinsurancehospitalizationcoverage.aspx   consumer groups  chronically ill still face insurer discrimination   httpwww.kaiserhealthnews.orgdailyreports2014august18reformimplementationissues.aspx
[us] no kidding , i used to have a car that had two bumps on the trunk because the bike rack slammed back into it after hitting a lone pothole in a city avenue .
[us] the ice caps could melt and drown all of europe , but the netherlands will remain precisely as dry as they desire to be .
[russia] all of this i consider as propaganda campaign with a goal to unitelegitimaze protest movement against a common enemy   blame the other guy for your and your countries failures is the way to go  same can be said about russia  .
[russia] that s probably why you ve ignored their vote for independence in the early 90s and were very angry every time they were thinking about it .
[us] the final thing is that , politically , us politicians will never be voted out of office for making americans  safer  at the expense of nonamericans .
[russia] during 1 month after the liberation only two severe crimes were registered in sloviansk  1 murder and 1 robbery  the murder suspect was already caught  .
[russia] dotted around the countries invaded   the thousands and thousands who , even in the uk , die each winter due to fuel poverty , or the failure to supply decent heat to households .
[russia] his hometown is listed as simferopol and photos show him in sevastopol ,  pitersky lists himself as residing in kharkiv  current city is listed as sloviansk .
[us] httponlinelibrary.wiley.comdoi10.1111j.14685965.2010.02128.xabstract  when you write  the eu now accounts for more of the worlds gdp you make it sound as though that gdp belongs to the eu .
[us] yes , they might ve been russian puppets and the russians were on board with the plan  as they expelled all the germans from east prussia  , but the decision was made and undertaken by the polish government .
[us] going to canada was almost surreal because i was told i was now in a different country , but my eyes refused to believe it .
[russia] well , what you are basically suggesting is a proxy war between eu and russia with ukrainians  volunteers serving as cannon fodder to gain ukraine as sphere of influence for either russia or eu .
[us] the us got allies all around the middle east , basically except syria and iran ,  every single country is more or less friendly with usa  , with shitload of military bases   3232     3232   unconditional support of israel actually harms usa interested there , considerably .
[russia] european union tried to push yanukovich to that economical agreement that would have those consequences   a  opening ukrainian market for superior eumade goods , thus indirectly economically attacking russian market  ukraine and russia had essentially free trade agreements , so russia would be forced to either put severe restrictions on trade with ukraine or to suck it up and suffer economically    b  ditching eastern ukrainian industry which is still important for russia  especially russian military  but have no use for eu   c  refusing to prolong sevastopol agreement by 2017 , forcing russian navy out to strategically and logistically inferior novorossiysk and finishing this apparently unnoticed ukrainian land grab .
[us] do you really think a backstabbing attack on an ally do you really think that anyone could have reasonably called ukraine a russian ally after the prorussian government was literally run out of town
[russia] i only heared about some activists from united russia who tried to report stores for selling sanctioned products , but generally everything is still on shelves , kind of .
[russia] i support these moves by erdogan , because the europeans will just remain silent on this as they do with all its imprisoned journalists , and so their hypocrisy and true role as us puppets will become ever clearer to men and women who can discern the reality of things .
[russia] either arrest yanukovych and his family or let them flee  dunno who would want them though , maybe some kind of stan or belarus if russia would ask really nicely  .
[us] yet , both held back on introducing the market to these technologies in their fullest senses in order to protect their strongest products at the time  flipslide phones and film  .
[russia] i like how there is no link to that  research  , so we ca nt verify numbers and formulas used , we are required to believe it .
[russia] there were only 3 russian chairmans of the ussr and one of them is gorbachev and you ca nt call him imperialist , most of ussr elites were ukrainians and russians .
[us] i do nt want the price to go up at all , but i do nt think i ll really start complaining until it hits something like  10 a month .
[russia] i am as much ukrainian as i am russian , i was born in the soviet chernovtsi , now chernivtsi to two moldavian parents and raised to speak in russian , but i also learned ukrainian and romanian .
[russia] this is not complicated , they joined eu , got rid of any production stuff and decided to make  service  economy with tourism , house bubbles and shit like that .
[us] this document outlined various adjustment factors that would be applied to account for prospects such as sensitive subgroups within a tested population , extrapolation from shortterm study data to assess chronic effects , extrapolation from animal data to human application , and variations within a human population , such as age or sex .
[russia] but there is just not enough publicly available information to crossreference the event and to figure out what exactly did happened there by comparing the info from different sources and figuring out the lies .
[us] i mean , i m sure it can be done  as i ve had one here in the states so someone is bringing them in  , but i know that at least when it comes to shipping they do nt allow kinder eggs in at all .
[russia] russia gave them some military and political help , because they asked for it , but it has nothing to do with issues that caused the conflict  the coup , status of language , federalization , the future of donbass region that has strong production ties with rf , taxation and etc.
[russia] let s imagine these dolphins reproduce like mad , and become essentially  pests  by destroying their environment , eating all the other sealife and ressources .
[russia] also , 10 soldiers from the russian peacekeeping force  at the time neutral  were killed in the initial attack by georgians on tshinval in 2008 .
[us] i found it interesting that the trappist breweries are distributed evenly between wallonia and flanders , i would have thought most would have been in flanders .
[russia] i agree that history cares little about random person feelings , but i am positive that revisionism , oversimplification and generalizations are its mortal enemy .
[us] these certain individuals have no problem with charity and are quite giving and generally kind people but do nt see the value in a nationalized healthcare system .
[us] this seemed to baffle her , especially the part about states collecting their own taxes to fund their own projects and agencies while the federal government was a completely seperate entity .
[us] next time you hear people bitching about the cost of running the nhs , you can tell them that the average american has to spend a quarter to half million dollars more than a brit over their lifetimes  conservative estimate  and for that we get what for all but the wealthiest of us is is increasingly abbreviated healthcare and generic drugs .
[us] i live in the us , and we have the italian and chinese communities to thank for giving americans a reintroduction to a lot of good foods which the us had lost touch with .
[us] more than that , they were never  actually  in danger in the ukraine when russia was saying they were , so countries are acutely aware that their actions do nt play into whether this excuse can be used .
[russia] it s funny how people call out russia specifically for being bad to gays , but i ve had a much easier time being gay in st petersburg than in kiev or chernivtsi .
[russia] currently most people in those regions of ukraine kinda have mixed feelings about artillery and warplanes since they re mostly used against them and as a civilian , you really have no recourse against it .
[russia] also this is just my personal opinion but almost every russia hating russian is really pretentious and often acts aristocratical as if heshe is better then everyone else .
[us] immediate complications can include severe pain , shock , haemorrhage  bleeding  , tetanus or sepsis  bacterial infection  , urine retention , open sores in the genital region and injury to nearby genital tissue .
[russia] even the sbu intercepts noted that , although it s difficult to say which ones are genuine and which ones are not since they are nt always accurate and then sometimes they re very accurate .
[russia] they kind a had a chance to do something during 20112012 protest movement , but all the opposition leaders kept on pulling blanket on themselves , so they discredited in the eyes of population .
[us] in north dakota they re having trouble building enough housing for the population growth , so prices are skyrocketing and people have to live in buildings supplied by their work with hundreds of guys to a building .
[russia] to date it is the only effective countermeasure against icbms , and it is only known to be operational in washington dc , moscow , beijing , vladivostok , and another city i forgot the name of .
[russia] 4  this is hard to prove and must remain speculative , but it s quite possible that official statistical agencies underestimate immigration , including muslim immigration .
[us] so , he s saying that europe would have to start spending 2  , 3  , possibly more of gdp on security and defense were the us to retrench .
[us] you seem to be implying that we should vote for another third party , to keep the electoral system from only having the two main ones  but the green party is nt representing the chp any better than the mainstream reds and blues .
[russia] however exactly the same tactic to escalate conflict was used in syria , in moscow in 1993 , in riga in 1991 , in ossetia in 2008 .
[us] that s not enough to call it a different culture , to be sure , but  again  far more than you seem to imply .
[russia] regardless how much i read various opinions of  experts  or just folks from livejournal and whatnot , there is a constant theme of  bad russian influence  .
[us] an the united states was actually one of the first countries to take rapid action  reform in response to the great recession , hence why unlike europe , we do nt have stagnant growth , have nt suffered from a doubledip recession  ar nt on the verge of deflation .
[russia] i stand by my words , you either help them massively or the pendulum swings back  given ukrainians desire to truly change how they operate as a nation  .
[us] america does nt have a lot of turks , so our dner kebab is few and far between and not great  the same is true of sweden and italians .
[russia] oh yeah so stripping dead soldiers of benefits and saying they died on their own on vacation or denying they even died so far i saw only reports of ukrainian army doing this .
[russia] few months ago two cars of an opposition activist were burned , recently police reported that  they refuse to initiate a criminal case because they do nt see any crime in that   httpdomozhiroff.livejournal.com332552.html  .
[russia] for me it just looks like in westerner eyes russians are just barbaric horde , who hates everything liberal on genetic level with a general conservativereactionarybigotry worldview and were always that way .
[us] not that you have nt heard this before , but at what point does the public say things are enough and at least threaten to join nato so russia knocks this shit off
[russia] i could understand if vietnamese were deprived of citizenship in rufed , but it s actually ethnic russians who can not get the citizenship without paying few thousands    in bribes after ussr fall and followed wars and ethnic cleansing in  stans and around caucasus .
[us] i think they are being presented in an quite intentionally deceptive way , and the media has basically decided to not cover them intentionally , because the less people know the more likely they are to go along with them .
[us] httplpi.worldbank.orginternationalglobal2014sortascamporderinfrastructure  not to mention we have the most expansive infrastructure network in the world , and would be better compared to the european union as a whole than any individual european country .
[russia] is regular american from idaho shares the responsibility for civilian deaths or refugees or civil wars or drone strikes or tortures his countrys troops are responsible for
[russia] ussr was nt happy with it s role of a sacrificial lamb , which  allies  prepared for them , so it tried to use the situation to ensure it s own survival .
[russia] no , i read past the headline and expressed  concern  about this sub  underlying notion  of everything bad that happens  evil russia kills innocent people , caz  lol , why not  .
[us] first thing someone would say to your argument is u.s.a. with its military industrial complex , however that rly only creates jobs for civ s not much profit for the government .
[us] usa is a huge rich country and i m willing to have my taxes used to help the less fortunate and to help poorer countries .
[russia] russian federation  , government is trying to dissolve   empire   the country and is looking for foreign help  10 years since  beslan school hostage crisis   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibeslanschoolhostagecrisis    after obama has visited estonia and said the country is as important to nato as france and germany  fsb has abducted estonian intelligence officer   httpnews.err.eevmainnewsb5a7a5abf3004ef28d4a7f21941c53ef  at the border  fsb declared  they detained a spy   httptop.rbc.rusociety05092014947399.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem4    some articles call this situation   first test of nato   httpwww.cbc.canewspoliticsnatofaces1sttestasestoniaaccusesrussiaofabduction1.2757254   , situation resembles  venlo incident from ww2 history   httpen.wikipedia.orgwikivenloincident     cease fire treaty   httptop.rbc.rupolitics05092014947369.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodymainitemphoto  was reached between kremlin and kiev as if kremlin was a side of the conflict officially  kiev refuse to talk to rebels directly  , it seems rebels are still trying to pretend they are not regular army of russian federation  fsb agents and have independent will so  they broke it already   httptop.rbc.ruincidents07092014947470.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem1     government officially increased amount of  volunteers  in ukraine   httptop.rbc.rusociety05092014947263.shtmlxtoralinternaltrafficrbc.rumainbodyitem5   a.k.a.
[us] you face persecution and are at risk of being tortured andor murdered , and that the risk ca nt reasonably be averted by moving within your own country .
[us] oh there will be more death and wars to come , and isis wo nt go down easily , but this is due entirely to regional political bullshit .
[us] which have been going on for over a decade , because of it . . and it makes them irreversible when they occur . .
[us] that said , i think the crux of the issue is how american companies like to  disrupt  existing industries  it s a super hot buzzword right now in the us  whereas in europe most people would nt want to see their jobs  disrupted  by new competition .
[us] nasa is private now , which is the way of the future tbh , nothing makes it big until private corporations want involved such as asteroid mining etc.
[us] there s no fear on our side , the uncertainty of taking steps on the world stage , is more in your guys  court .
[us] it does in a sense , given the time it was implemented  what defined the socioeconomic conditions during the short period it was flown officially .
[us] the president was protested because he blatantly lied about his huge promise of improving trade with eu because he is a puppet of putin .
[russia] i hardly see someone stoping him from either taking crimea or securing fleet s positions there right now  nothing to be proud of though  but all that  he will take all ukraine  is a bit paranoid .
[russia] there are plenty of reasons for such behavior and one of them is  money  , meaning they expect for russia to  pay  for poor victims of occupation , oppression , yada yada , similar to germany .
[russia] i remember 6 years ago there was a commission formed by european countries which declared it s all georgians  fault , so rufed  had  to invade them .
[russia] people who generally do nt support putin or somewhere in the middle do support him on this particular issue because they genuinely agree with taking crimea in this case , some support it because  right or wrong  it s my country  , some do it because west in this case is highly hypocritical and very few consider a critique from the west as being something worth listening .
[us] germany finally has a minster of defence who is telling germans the truth about the importance of military defence , but it s going to take a lot more than that .
[russia] fears of further invasions that prompted russia to drop alaska for a penny because the tsars did nt think they could hold it on the event of a british invasion from canada
[us] there are plenty of things for brits to complain about , but america s involvement in wwii should be one of the absolute last things that you choose to criticize .
[russia] however if ukrainian army will use force against them kremlin may say  see  they are clearly braking the deal , now we  have  to stop these evil ukrainians to honor our agreement in geneva  .
[us] the eu seems to function well enough the way it is now , actually  as an eu citizen you can travel and work freely in other member states , and are granted the same rights given to all other eu citizens elsewhere in the union .
[us] one said she has needed some time to be alone to cry after the infant genital surgeries she s had to take part in .
[us] the fact that the incursion into ukraine happened when it did , soon after the collapse of the prorussian govt , is proof that there is clear awareness and a supersensitivity to what is happening around the russian border .
[russia] good heavens forbid putin tries to interrupt trade , that will completely sink ukraine  but also hurt russia at a time when we are nt at our best  .
[russia] every other week an article headlines international media , dealing with how putin has a big ego and a small dick and a rusty economy or something along those lines .
[us] i agree with mearsheimer on the  offshore balancer  hypothesis , because he and i both think that europe  and south korea  are rich enough to provide for their own security .
[us] although there are simpler ways to know when satellites are overhead , i highly recommend using the wxtrack program because its got a lot of great features which makes its use a real pleasure . .
[us] the system now just has governments in rich areas acting like they are morally superior to the poorer countries and acting like a few billion back and forth makes a difference in the largest shared economy in the world .
[us] i have to say , it strikes me as a bit strange , or something a bit stronger , that you re trying so hard to dismiss the core points which i am trying to make .
[us] according to the nyt article less than 600 of the early shift workers took part in this strike , and amazon is not expecting the strike to impact their schedule delivery dates .
[us] well , i think its a bundle of the very worst economic and political ideas ever , wrapped up in mistruths ,  do you think it is going to be beneficial in general
[us] if slovenia did nt seriously think they faced outside threats  specifically , outside threats that were nt part of nato  , why did it join the organization
